Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/man-walking-dog-struck-killed-minivan-driver-annapolis-police
Description: A man walking his dog was struck and killed by a vehicle in Annapolis over the weekend, police say.
Publication Time (Text): December 3, 2024 8:59am EST

Full Article:
ANNAPOLIS, Md. - A man walking his dog was struck and killed by a vehicle in Annapolis over the weekend, police say.
The crash happened around 7:25 a.m. on Saturday, November 28 at the intersection of Cedar Park Road and Woodlawn Avenue.
Investigators say 74-year-old David Chan had just left his home on Cedar Park Road to walk his dog when the driver of a Honda Odyssey minivan traveling eastbound toward Taylor Avenue struck him.
Chan was found unconscious lying face down in the roadway. Police say he was crossing the road in front of his home when he was struck. The dog he was walking was also struck and was euthanized due to the severity of its injuries.
The investigation is continuing at this time.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/deadly-crash-involving-police-vehicle-under-investigation-la-plata
Description: Investigators are on the scene of a deadly crash involving a police vehicle in Charles County.
Publication Time (Text): December 3, 2024 8:59am EST

Full Article:
LA PLATA, Md. - Investigators are on the scene of a deadly crash involving a police vehicle in Charles County.
The collision happened near Route 301 and Port Tobacco Road in La Plata.
According to a post on X, Maryland Attorney General Anthony Brown said the state's Independent Investigations Division (IID) is on the scene.
This is a developing story. Stay with FOX 5 for the latest.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/man-killed-early-morning-crash-prince-georges-county
Description: A man was killed in an early morning crash in Prince George’s County.
Publication Time (Text): December 3, 2024 8:59am EST

Full Article:
A man was killed in an early morning crash in Prince George’s County.
ADELPHI, Md. - A man was killed in an early morning crash in Prince George’s County.
The crash was reported in the Adelphi area near New Hampshire Avenue and Piney Branch Road around 3:15 a.m.
Officers responded and found a single vehicle involved in the crash. The driver, an adult male, was found dead in the vehicle.
The cause of the crash remains under investigation. The victim has not been identified.
This is a developing store. Stay with FOX 5 for the latest.
Man killed in early morning crash in Prince George’s County
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/4-hospitalized-after-tractor-trailer-crashes-woodbridge-condo
Description: Four people were transported to the hospital after a tractor trailer crashed into a condominium building in Woodbridge.
Publication Time (Text): December 2, 2024 1:56pm EST

Full Article:
Four people were transported to the hospital after a tractor trailer crashed into a condominium building in Woodbridge.
WOODBRIDGE, Va. - Four people were transported to the hospital after a tractor trailer crashed into a condominium building in Woodbridge.
The Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue said the crash happened around 8:17 a.m. in the 12700 block of Gordon Boulevard at the Moorings of Occoquan Condominiums.
Officials say multiple vehicles were involved in the crash. No one in the building was injured.
The building sustained moderate damage and several residents will likely be displaced, authorities say,
The cause of the crash remains under investigation.
4 hospitalized after tractor trailer crashes into Woodbridge condo (Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/multi-vehicle-crash-causes-delays-adelphi
Description: At least three vehicles were involved in a crash that is causing delays in Adelphi.
Publication Time (Text): December 2, 2024 10:35am EST

Full Article:
At least 3 vehicles were involved in a crash that is causing delays in Adelphi.
ADELPHI, Md. - At least three vehicles were involved in a crash that is causing delays in Adelphi.
The crash happened around 6:30 a.m. along New Hampshire Avenue at Oakview Drive.
Images from SKYFOX show three, possibly four vehicles with damage. One of the vehicles had collided with a utility pole.
Emergency vehicles blocked some lanes through the intersection.
No injuries have been reported.
Crash causes delays in Adelphi
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/thanksgiving-travel-2024-best-worst-times-drive
Description: Hitting the road this Thanksgiving holiday? Here are the best and worst times to travel by car .
Publication Time (Text): November 26, 2024 1:28pm EST

Full Article:
WASHINGTON - Hitting the road this Thanksgiving holiday? You won’t be alone!
AAA estimates over 71 million travelers will drive 50 miles or more from home from the Tuesday before to the Monday after Thanksgiving Day.
The optimal time to start your journey is on Thanksgiving Day when the interstates and highways are generally free of heavy traffic.
For those heading back on Sunday, try to depart early in the morning. If you're returning home on Monday, be prepared for a blend of holiday travelers and regular work commuters on the roads.
Check out this list of the best and worst times to get behind the wheel!
READ MORE Thanksgiving holiday travel: Nearly 80 million expected to journey 50 miles or more
Nearly 80 million people will travel 50 miles or more from home to their Thanksgiving holiday destinations this year.
Mon, Nov 25
Worst Travel Time: 1:00 PM - 5:00 PM
Best Travel Time: Before 11:00 AM
Tue, Nov 26
Worst Travel Time: 1:00 PM - 7:00 PM
Best Travel Time: Before 10:00 AM
Wed, Nov 27
Worst Travel Time: 1:00 PM - 5:00 PM
Best Travel Time: Before 10:00 AM
Thu, Nov 28 (Thanksgiving Day)
Minimal Traffic Impact Expected
Fri, Nov 29
Worst Travel Time: 7:00 AM - 10:00 AM
Best Travel Time: After 1:00 PM
Sat, Nov 30
Worst Travel Time: 4:00 PM - 8:00 PM
Best Travel Time: Before 1:00 PM
Sun, Dec 1
Worst Travel Time: 12:00 PM - 6:00 PM
Best Travel Time: Before 1:00 PM
Mon, Dec 2
Worst Travel Time: 9:00 AM - 6:00 PM
Best Travel Time: Before 8:00 AM / After 7:00 PM
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/avoid-specific-roads-during-thanksgiving-holiday-travel-period
Description: Beep! Beep! Avoid these peak congestion roadways during the Thanksgiving travel period.
Publication Time (Text): November 26, 2024 1:28pm EST

Full Article:
WASHINGTON - Brace yourself for the Thanksgiving holiday drive! With over 71 million travelers on the roads, expect detours and delays.
However, AAA advises that to avoid the worst congestion, you should steer clear of certain roadways notorious for traffic jams.
READ MORE: Thanksgiving travel 2024: Best and worst times to drive
Nearly 80 million people will travel 50 miles or more from home to their Thanksgiving holiday destinations this year.
Washington, DC
Route: Washington, DC to Annapolis via US-50 E
Peak Congestion Period: Tuesday, 26th, 4:30 PM
Estimated Travel Time: 1 hour 31 minutes
Increase Compared to Typical: 120%
Atlanta
Route: Birmingham to Atlanta via I-20E
Peak Congestion Period: Sunday, 1st, 4:45 PM
Estimated Travel Time: 3 hours 17 minutes
Increase Compared to Typical: 38%
Boston
Route: Boston to Portsmouth via I-95 N
Peak Congestion Period: Tuesday, 26th, 3:45 PM
Estimated Travel Time: 2 hours 35 minutes
Increase Compared to Typical: 117%
Chicago
Route: Indianapolis to Chicago via I-65 N
Peak Congestion Period: Sunday, 1st, 3:45 PM
Estimated Travel Time: 4 hours 15 minutes
Increase Compared to Typical: 45%
Denver
Route: Fort Collins to Denver via I-25 S
Peak Congestion Period: Friday, 29th, 1:00 PM
Estimated Travel Time: 1 hour 16 minutes
Increase Compared to Typical: 49%
Detroit
Route: Grand Rapids to Detroit via I-96E
Peak Congestion Period: Monday, 2nd, 7:00 AM
Estimated Travel Time: 2 hours 43 minutes
Increase Compared to Typical: 39%
Houston
Route: Galveston to Houston via I-45 N
Peak Congestion Period: Sunday, 1st, 5:45 PM
Estimated Travel Time: 1 hour 38 minutes
Increase Compared to Typical: 30%
Los Angeles
Route: Los Angeles to Bakersfield via I-5 N
Peak Congestion Period: Wednesday, 27th, 7:45 PM
Estimated Travel Time: 3 hours 14 minutes
Increase Compared to Typical: 115%
Minneapolis
Route: Eau Claire to Minneapolis via I-94 W
Peak Congestion Period: Friday, 29th, 4:30 PM
Estimated Travel Time: 3 hours 14 minutes
Increase Compared to Typical: 46%
New York
Route: New York to Hamptons via Long Island Expressway E
Peak Congestion Period: Saturday, 30th, 4:30 PM
Estimated Travel Time: 3 hours 7 minutes
Increase Compared to Typical: 133%
Philadelphia
Route: Poconos to Philadelphia via I-476/PA Turnpike
Peak Congestion Period: Sunday, 1st, 12:15 PM
Estimated Travel Time: 2 hours 26 minutes
Increase Compared to Typical: 62%
Portland
Route: Portland to Eugene via I-5 S
Peak Congestion Period: Tuesday, 26th, 3:00 PM
Estimated Travel Time: 2 hours 16 minutes
Increase Compared to Typical: 38%
San Diego
Route: Palm Springs to San Diego via I-15 S
Peak Congestion Period: Saturday, 30th, 3:00 PM
Estimated Travel Time: 3 hours 18 minutes
Increase Compared to Typical: 38%
San Francisco
Route: San Francisco to Sacramento via I-80E
Peak Congestion Period: Thursday, 28th, 3:00 PM
Estimated Travel Time: 2 hours 53 minutes
Increase Compared to Typical: 33%
Seattle
Route: Seattle to Ellensburg via I-90 W
Peak Congestion Period: Sunday, 1st, 7:00 PM
Estimated Travel Time: 2 hours 53 minutes
Increase Compared to Typical: 119%
Tampa
Route: Fort Myers to Tampa via I-75 N
Peak Congestion Period: Friday, 29th, 10:30 AM
Estimated Travel Time: 2 hours 4 minutes
Increase Compared to Typical: 69%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/7-year-old-killed-hit-and-run-after-falling-from-moving-vehicle-onto-maryland-highway
Description: A 7-year-old boy is dead in a hit-and-run crash after he was struck by a vehicle after falling from a moving car on a Maryland highway.
Publication Time (Text): November 25, 2024 6:24pm EST

Full Article:
A 7-year-old boy died Sunday night after falling from a moving car onto Interstate 97, where he was struck by another vehicle that fled the scene, Maryland State Police said. FOX 5's Homa Bash has the latest details.
MILLERSVILLE, Md - A 7-year-old boy died Sunday night after falling from a moving car onto Interstate 97, where he was struck by another vehicle that fled the scene, Maryland State Police said.
The tragic incident occurred around 7:30 p.m. near Route 32 in Anne Arundel County.
According to investigators, the boy was a passenger in a northbound 2011 Mazda 3 driven by his grandmother.
Authorities said the child opened the rear window and fell onto the highway. Moments later, he was struck by what police believe to be a 2016 to 2019 Honda Civic, which did not stop after the collision.
Police are now searching for the vehicle, which may have damage to the front left wheel well.
Maryland State Police spokesperson Elena Russo described the incident as "incredibly tragic for everyone involved."
"We believe the 7-year-old was in his child safety seat — whether it was buckled properly or not or how he got out of that is still part of the investigation," Russo said. "But we believe he was able to exit the vehicle by getting out of the rear window."
The incident unfolded in the dark on a busy stretch of highway, and police noted the Honda driver may not have realized what happened.
A witness told police he saw the boy fall from the car. An Amazon driver also stopped after spotting something in the road, pulled the boy to safety, and called 911.
The child was pronounced dead at the scene.
"This is a stark reminder of how vigilant we must be about children’s safety, how they are seated, and belted in the backseat," Russo emphasized.
Police are asking anyone with information to contact the Maryland State Police Glen Burnie Barrack.
No charges have been filed, and the investigation is ongoing.
FOX 5's Homa Bash contributed to this report.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/police-warn-drivers-amid-thanksgiving-holiday-travel-rush
Description: Police are already dealing with crashes as the Thanksgiving holiday travel rush begins, and they have a message for drivers: buckle up and slow down!
Publication Time (Text): November 25, 2024 9:34am EST

Full Article:
Police are already dealing with crashes as the Thanksgiving holiday travel rush begins, and they have a message for drivers: buckle up and slow down!
ACCOKEEK, Md. - Police are already dealing with crashes as the Thanksgiving holiday travel rush begins, and they have a message for drivers: buckle up and slow down!
FOX 5's Melanie Alnwick was in Accokeek along Indian Head Highway where, over the weekend, one person was killed near the same spot as prior incidents. Police say it was just before 10 p.m. on Friday when a woman was struck and killed by a hit-and-run driver at the Farmington Road intersection.
READ MORE: 2 dead, 2 injured in Loudoun County crash; driver faces manslaughter charge
On Monday, two cars collided on Columbia Pike in the Bailey’s Crossroads area, resulting in one man being taken to the hospital with life-threatening injuries.
On Friday, two men were killed, and another was injured in a crash on Tall Cedars Parkway in Chantilly. Investigators believe alcohol was a factor, and the driver now faces manslaughter charges.
On Saturday, a 23-year-old woman was killed in a crash in Reston when the BMW she was a passenger in left the road and flipped. Fairfax County Police say speed and alcohol were factors.
Last year, over Thanksgiving weekend, Virginia State Police reported 11 traffic fatalities, including one pedestrian, issued 4,520 speeding tickets, 1,840 reckless driving citations, 89 DUIs, and 427 seatbelt violations.
Authorities across the region are reminding drivers and passengers to wear a seatbelt, slow down, and drive distraction-free and sober.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/crash-causes-morning-delays-ashburn
Description: Westbound VA-7 in Ashburn is closed for a crash investigation.
Publication Time (Text): November 25, 2024 6:49am EST

Full Article:
ASHBURN, Va. - Westbound VA-7 in Ashburn is closed for a crash investigation.
The roadway is closed between Ashburn Village Boulevard and Claiborne Parkway.
All traffic is being diverted onto Ashburn Village Boulevard.
Crash causes morning delays in Ashburn
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/2-dead-2-injured-loudoun-county-crash-driver-faces-manslaughter-charge
Description: Alcohol is believed to be a factor in the fatal Northern Virginia crash that claimed the lives of two people and injured two others early Friday morning, according to officials.
Publication Time (Text): November 22, 2024 5:08pm EST

Full Article:

SOUTH RIDING, Va. - Alcohol is believed to be a factor in the fatal Northern Virginia crash that claimed the lives of two people and injured two others early Friday morning, according to officials.
The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office confirmed the driver as 30-year-old Bijay Tamang of Aldie.
Tamang has been charged with involuntary manslaughter and is being held at the Loudoun County Adult Detention Center without bond. The sheriff's office said additional charges may follow as the investigation continues.
Deputies responded around 12:30 a.m. Friday to the scene near Loudoun County Parkway and Tall Cedars Parkway after receiving reports of a crash.
Upon arrival, they found a damaged 2023 Ford Mustang on eastbound Tall Cedars Parkway.
2 dead in early morning crash in Loudoun County
The crash involved four men: a male driver and three male passengers. Earlier reports had incorrectly identified the passengers as two males and one female.
The victims have been identified by the LCSO as Bibek Subedi, 22, of Aldie and Shures KC, 21, of Aldie.
Authorities say two people were killed and two others were injured in an early morning crash in Loudoun County.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/i-95-closed-laurel-due-police-activity
Description: Interstate 95 in Maryland has reopened after a Monday morning shooting closed the highway for much of the early commute.
Publication Time (Text): November 18, 2024 8:03pm EST

Full Article:
A portion of Interstate 95 is closed due to police activity in the Laurel area early Monday morning.
LAUREL, Md. - A portion of Interstate 95 in Maryland reopened Monday night after a shooting earlier in the day led to the closure of all northbound lanes for several hours, causing major delays for commuters.
The incident occurred around 4:30 a.m. when police responded to reports of a 28-year-old man who had been shot.
The victim, later identified as Ronald Victor Garcia-Rodriguez of Laurel, was found lying on the shoulder of the highway near Route 216.
He was transported to the R. Adam’s Cowley Shock Trauma Center at the University of Maryland in Baltimore. His condition has not been disclosed.
Shooting closes part of I-95 in Laurel
According to Maryland State Police, Garcia-Rodriguez was alone at the time of the shooting. The circumstances leading up to the shooting remain unclear.
Elena Russo, spokesperson for Maryland State Police, stated, "At this point, we believe the victim was by themselves when the incident occurred ... we do not believe this is a road rage incident, we believe the suspect and victim knew each other."
Garcia-Rodriguez's car was left at the scene, and there are no visible bullet holes or shattered glass.
Investigators are still working to determine whether he was shot inside the vehicle or if he had stopped and stepped outside when the shooting occurred.
The investigation caused a major disruption for morning drivers, with all northbound lanes of I-95 closed for approximately six hours. The closure stretched from early morning until around 11:00 a.m., creating significant traffic congestion.
Russo explained the lengthy closure, saying, "Our investigators needed to gather evidence… it was very time-consuming, crime scene techs, homicide investigators were on site… it was quite a large scene."
As of now, police have not released any suspect information or vehicle descriptions, and no arrests have been made. Authorities are asking anyone who was driving on I-95 northbound around 4:30 a.m. to contact Maryland State Police if they witnessed anything unusual
Anyone with information is urged to contact Maryland State Police.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/heres-how-long-maryland-drivers-commute-average
Description: Maryland drivers face the third-longest commute times in the U.S., according to a recent study.
Publication Time (Text): November 8, 2024 10:40am EST

Full Article:
State and county leaders are demanding escalated electronic speed monitoring fines, hoping to curb chronic speeding drivers on Maryland Route 210, also known as Indian Head Highway.
BETHESDA, Md. - Maryland drivers face the third-longest commute times in the U.S., according to a recent study.
New research by Search Logistics found that Maryland commutes average at 31.4 minutes.
The longest commute times in the nation are in New York at 32.8 minutes and New Jersey also at 31.4 minutes.
The study found that 6.7% of commuters in Maryland use public transportation.
"Longer commute times here could be the fault of aging or insufficient transportation infrastructure," says Matthew Woodward of Search Logistics. "In cities with poorly designed road systems, bottlenecks and delays are common."
Virginia also made the list at number ten, with an average commute time of 27.5 minutes.
Want a short commute? Head to South Dakota. The average commute there is 18.4 minutes.
See the full study.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/crash-closes-westbound-lanes-i-495-leaves-one-dead-multiple-injured
Description: A fatal multi-vehicle crash on the westbound lanes of Interstate 495 at Route 1 has left one person dead and several others injured, prompting an extended closure of the highway’s thru lanes, Virginia State Police reported Tuesday evening.
Publication Time (Text): November 5, 2024 8:28pm EST

Full Article:

FAIRFAX, Va. - A fatal multi-vehicle crash on the westbound lanes of Interstate 495 at Route 1 has left one person dead and several others injured, prompting an extended closure of the highway’s thru lanes, Virginia State Police reported Tuesday evening.
The crash, which involved five vehicles, was reported to state police at approximately 5:33 p.m.
Emergency responders arrived to find multiple injuries among the occupants of the involved vehicles. Tragically, one person was pronounced dead at the scene.
In response, crash reconstruction teams have been dispatched to the area, and authorities warn of an extended closure as investigators work to determine the circumstances of the collision. While the thru lanes of westbound I-495 are closed, the local lanes remain open, allowing some traffic to continue moving through the area.
Drivers are urged to seek alternate routes and exercise caution, as officials work to clear the scene and gather information about the crash. Virginia State Police are continuing their investigation, and further details will be released as they become available.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/overturned-truck-prince-georges-county-shuts-down-all-lanes-i-95
Description: A collision on I-95 leaves a truck overturned on the outer loop in Prince George's County.
Publication Time (Text): November 1, 2024 12:02pm EDT

Full Article:
PRINCE GEORGE'S COUNTY, Md. - A collision on I-95 leaves a truck overturned on the outer loop in Prince George's County.
Overturned truck on I-95
The crash occurred in the area of the outer loop past exit 25, US. All lanes were shut down at the time of the collision. Lanes have reopened since.
No word on any injuries or the cause of the collision. Drivers are advised to use alternate routes.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/dc-street-race-goes-viral-tesla-lamborghini-faceoff-key-bridge
Description: A video of a street race in D.C. is going viral just days after Elon Musk shared a similar video in Virginia.
Publication Time (Text): November 1, 2024 10:40am EDT

Full Article:
A video less than 30 seconds shows what appears to be a black Lamborghini racing a black Tesla with a Trump flag hanging out of the window on the Key Bridge in D.C.
WASHINGTON, D.C. - A video of a street race in D.C. is going viral just days after Elon Musk reshared a similar video in Virginia.
Related
A street racing video taken in Tysons, Virginia is going viral - with more than 75 million views on social media after Elon Musk shared it.
The video is less than 30 seconds and shows what appears to be a black Lamborghini racing a black Tesla with a Trump flag hanging out of the window on the Key Bridge in D.C.

FOX 5 reached out to the Metropolitan Police Department for a comment on the matter, although they responded saying they were not aware of the incident.
This video was taken on Halloween night around 8:42 pm in Georgetown, D.C. and taken by a bystander on the Key Bridge.
A street racing video taken in Tysons, Virginia is going viral - with more than 75 million views on social media after Elon Musk shared it. FOX 5's Homa Bash has the story.
Just days ago, another street racing video was taken in Tysons, Virginia, which is less than 30 seconds long and has more than 75 million views on social media after Elon Musk shared it. The video shows a blue Lamborghini racing a Tesla Cybertruck on Leesburg Pike, or Route 7. (The Cybertruck wins, which is why Musk reshared the video).
Street racing is banned in Virginia as a form of reckless driving.
Fairfax County police said officers from their Traffic Division are actively investigating the incident. It is not clear what charges, if any, the drivers could face.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/police-activity-closes-part-interstate-95-northern-virginia
Description: Authorities are investigating after an officer fired shots that killed the driver of a suspected carjacked vehicle following a pursuit along Interstate 95 in northern Virginia.
Publication Time (Text): October 31, 2024 8:42am EDT

Full Article:
Authorities are investigating after an officer fired shots that killed the driver of a suspected carjacked vehilce following a pursuit along Interstate 95 in northern Virginia.
TRIANGLE, Va. - Authorities are investigating after an officer fired shots that killed the driver of a suspected carjacked vehicle following a pursuit along Interstate 95 in northern Virginia.
The incident happened around 10:15 p.m. on Wednesday on southbound I-95 in Prince William County.
Virginia State Police say a trooper located a vehicle wanted by U.S. Park Police for a suspected carjacking. The trooper attempted to stop the vehicle, but the suspect refused, leading to a pursuit. During the chase, investigators say the suspect's vehicle struck another Virginia State Police vehicle, causing it to overturn. That trooper was not injured.
Troopers forced the vehicle to stop around the 150-mile marker on I-95 southbound. Officials say the driver refused multiple commands and made abrupt movements, prompting troopers to fire their weapons. The driver was pronounced dead at the scene.
A male passenger was flown to Fairfax Hospital and is in stable condition awaiting surgery. A third passenger is in State Police custody with no injuries. The four troopers involved have been placed on administrative leave pending the investigation's outcome.
Police activity closes part of Interstate 95 in northern Virginia

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/man-hospitalized-after-struck-vehicle-rockville
Description: A man was hospitalized after being struck by a vehicle in Rockville early Wednesday morning.
Publication Time (Text): October 30, 2024 11:53am EDT

Full Article:
A man was hospitalized after being struck by a vehicle in Rockville early Wednesday morning.
ROCKVILLE, Md. - A man was hospitalized after being struck by a vehicle in Rockville early Wednesday morning.
The crash happened around 5:30 a.m. along the 12700 block of Veirs Mill Road.
The was transported with serious injuries. The driver remained on the scene.
The investigation is continuing.
Man hospitalized after struck by vehicle in Rockville
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/multiple-collisions-slow-traffic-495-college-park
Description: Multiple collisions caused delays along the Capital Beltway in College Park early Wednesday morning.
Publication Time (Text): October 30, 2024 11:53am EDT

Full Article:
Multiple collisions caused delays along the Capital Beltway in College Park early Wednesday morning.
COLLEGE PARK, Md. - Multiple collisions caused delays along the Capital Beltway in College Park early Wednesday morning.
The crashes were reported around 6:30 a.m. along the inner-loop of Interstate-495 near Route 1 and near the Riggs Road overpass.
Images from SKYFOX showed miles of gridlock around the collisions.
Montgomery County Fire & Rescue Services spokesperson, Pete Piringer, reported fog in the area which can reduce visibility.
It is unclear if any injuries were reported.
Multiple collisions slow traffic on 495 in College Park
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/truck-overturns-i-95-off-ramp-howard-county
Description: An overturned truck in Howard County caused delays Wednesday after it crashed on an Interstate-95 off-ramp.
Publication Time (Text): October 30, 2024 11:53am EDT

Full Article:
An overturned truck in Howard County caused delays Wednesday after it crashed on an Interstate-95 off-ramp.
JESSUP, Md. - An overturned truck in Howard County caused delays Wednesday after it crashed on an Interstate-95 off-ramp.
The crash happened along the northbound lanes at exit 38B to northbound Maryland 32 / Patuxent Parkway.
SKYFOX was on the scene and showed the truck on its side in a wooded area surrounding the ramp. It appeared some of the truck’s contents had spilled out.
It is not known if anyone was injured.
Truck overturns on I-95 off-ramp in Howard County
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/christmas-markets-dc-maryland-virginia
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
It's the holiday season and we're falling into the Christmas festivities! There's a number of holiday markets and one right in the National Harbor's backyard.
WASHINGTON - The holiday season is officially in full swing and FOX 5 has your guide to the best markets across D.C., Maryland and Virginia. Find the perfect gifts for friends and family, discover craft goods, snack on tasty treats and drinks, of course, experience that cozy Christmastime vibe we all love. Check out the full list below!
Downtown DC Holiday Market
The DC Holiday Market will feature 30 plus small businesses with artisans, boutique brands, worldwide handcrafts and unique gift items. The market brings its signature style, bright festive décor and popular holiday treats – Migue’s Mini Donuts and the Capital Candy Jar’s hot roasted nuts to an iconic location adjacent to Dupont Circle and renown Kramer’s Books & Café.
Location: 1500 block of 19th Street, NW.
Dates: Nov. 22-Dec. 15
Hours: Monday-Friday, 12p-8p | Saturday-Sunday 11a-8p
Dupont Weekend Pop-up Market
This uniquely Dupont shopping experience supports our Main Streets non-profit mission and community programming, which directly benefits Dupont Circle's multi-faceted neighborhood and small businesses. Guests can soak up the sounds of roving carolers, sip hot chocolate in Dupont Circle park while they shop the fantastic selection of vendor offering artworks, handmade pottery, textiles, wood crafts, jewelry, home decor, bath and beauty, candles and much more!
Location: Dupont Circle, 15 Dupont Cir., NW
Dates: Dec. 7-8
Hours: 12p-5p
Heurich House Museum Christmas Markt
Each December, the Heurich House Museum in historic Dupont Circle curates DC’s only multi-day holiday market consisting of ALL local makers. For the first time ever in its 12 year history, this year’s Christmas Markt will be held for an entire week. Shoppers do have to buy tickets for entry. Ticket prices range between $12-$18. Click here to purchase.
Location: 1307 New Hampshire Ave., NW
Dates: Dec. 6-Dec. 16
Hours: Dec. 6: 4p-8p | Dec. 7: 12p-8p | Dec. 8:12-6p | Dec. 10-Dec. 13: 4p-8p
Metro Holiday Pop-Up Shop
WMATA is bringing back its Metro merch pop-up shop to Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Library in downtown D.C. this holiday season. Stop by to pick up a gift that is uniquely D.C.! Or get exclusive merch for a transit enthusiast in your life.
New items this year include scarves for select stations, tote bags, new ornaments for 2024, a special collection of pins, and apparel for babies, kids, and adults and WMATA adds that some of the favorites from last year are coming back, too, including station pylon socks, mugs, magnets, and the Metro map shower curtain.
Location: 901 G St., NW
Dates: Nov. 30-Dec. 21.
Hours: Monday-Thursday: 10a-6p | Friday and Saturday: 10a-5p | Sunday: 1p-5p
Smithsonian’s National Museum of African Art Holiday Marketplace
The Smithsonian’s National Museum of African Art will host a marketplace as part of a series of events that celebrate its 60th anniversary. Approximately 15 educational artisans from the African diaspora at the Concourse Level of the museum, three levels below the ground floor.
Location: 950 Independence Ave SW, Washington, DC 20560
Dates: Dec. 7
Hours: 2p- 6p
Native Art Market
The museum’s annual Native Art Market features the works of award-winning and innovative Indigenous artists from across the Western Hemisphere. This weekend event invites lovers of art and craftsmanship to meet Native artists and learn about traditional Native arts and contemporary Native creativity. Visitors will have the unique opportunity to purchase traditional and contemporary handcrafted artworks, including beadwork, jewelry, paintings, photography, pottery, and sculpture.
Location: 4th St SW, Washington, DC 20560
Dates: Dec. 7-8
Hours: 10a-5:30p
Rock N’ Shop: A Rock'n'Roll Garage Sale
Rock'n'Shop is one of DC's longest-running holiday markets. And for good reason - its unique mix of local crafters, record dealers, shops, junk sellers, and great music offers a one-of-a-kind shopping experience. Looking to augment your collection with some essential records? Searching for the perfect T-shirt? Rock'n'Shop is where it's at.
Location: 1811 14th St., NW
Dates: Dec. 8
Hours: 2p-6p
Pajamarama Holiday Market at the Takoma Theater
Takoma’s Roscoe the Rooster crows early at this annual holiday shopping event. Pajama-wearing shoppers are rewarded with early morning discounts at participating Takoma businesses. Holiday shopping continues into the afternoon at the Pajamarama Holiday Market at the Takoma Theater. Local artists, makers, and collectors set up outdoors with unique, handmade holiday gifts.
Location: Participating Takoma Businesses and the Takoma Theater, 6833 4th St, NW
Dates: Dec. 8
Hours: Deals in local businesses, 8a-11a | Outdoor Holiday Market, 10a-3p
Procrastinator's Holiday Market
This year’s Procrastinator's Holiday Market is a one-day indoor/outdoor event at Kraken Kourts and Skates, bringing the community together for a day of last-minute holiday gift shopping, special festive menus, and entertainment for the whole family. There will be holiday-themed activities, including free holiday train rides and a raffle for items from our featured local vendors. This is a ticketed event. Click here to purchase yours!
Location: 514 Rhode Island Ave., NE
Dates: Dec. 14
Hours: 10a-4p
Holiday Market 2024 at Del Ray Artisans Gallery
The 29th annual Fine Art & Fine Craft Holiday Market offers unique handmade fine arts and fine crafts from local artists presenting a variety of media, including fiber/textiles, glass, jewelry, mixed media, polymer clay, ornaments, mosaics, painting, prints, paper crafting, photography, pottery/ceramics, sculpture, watercolor, wood, and more. Different artists are featured each weekend.
Location: Nicholas A. Colasanto Center, 2704 Mount Vernon Avenue, Alexandria
Dates: Weekends only, Dec. 6–22
Hours: Fridays, 6p-9p | Saturdays, 9a-5p | Sundays, 11a-5p
Reston German Christmas Market
The German Military of Reston will host its annual German Christmasmarket on December 7! Stroll through charming stalls and indulge in delicious German food, including Bratwurst and Glühwein (mulled wine), and beer and sweet treats from handmade cakes to waffles to cotton candy. Discover unique handcrafted gifts, ornaments, and souvenirs, perfect for spreading holiday cheer. All proceeds will be donated to Friends of Reston and Food For Neighbors.
Location: 11150 Sunrise Valley Drive, Reston
Dates: Dec. 7
Times: 4p-9p
Canal Center Holiday Bazaar
It’s the most wonderful event, of the year and the annual kickoff to the holiday season at Canal Center in Alexandria. The Boat Parade begins at 5:30p and the Bazaar will feature over 40 vendors, the Yellow Door Jazz band will be playing holiday classics, there will be an art gallery show opening and of course, holiday cheer!
Location: Canal Center Plaza, Alexandria
Dates: Dec. 7
Hours: 2p-8p
Old Town Alexandria Christmas Market and Holiday Craft Show
Celebrate the spirit of the season at the Old Town Alexandria Christmas Market and Holiday Craft Show at John Carlyle Square for a magical day filled with festive artisans, delicious treats, and heartwarming holiday activities.
Location: 300 John Carlyle Street, Alexandria
Dates: Dec. 14
Hours: 11a-4p
Old Town North Holiday Market & Farmers Market
Sip hot cider while shopping amongst local artisans for all your holiday needs during Old Town North’s free Holiday Market and Farmers Market, cohosted by the Old Town North Community Partnership and Volunteer Alexandria. Browse farmers’ market offerings from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. and explore the European-style holiday market from 10:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. This event is rain or shine.
Location: Montgomery Park, 901 North Royal St., Alexandria
Dates: Dec. 15
Hours: 9a-3:30p
Herndon WinterMarkt
The Herndon WinterMarkt is bringing the old world charm of Christmas in Europe to community-oriented Herndon, Virginia. The holiday market tradition stretches back to Saxony, Germany during the middle ages. Over the centuries, the joys of the traditional Christmas markets spread from town to town, and around the world! These markets feature a delightful blend of holiday food, drinks, gifts, and decorations and have become well-known for their hand-crafted Christmas decorations, wood-working, artwork, and textiles.
Location: Corner of Lynn & Station St., Herndon
Dates: Dec. 14
Hours: 12p-7p
Fairfax City Holiday Market
Head out to the Old Town Square in Fairfax to support local artist and do some holiday shopping during the first two weekends in December. Craft vendors will vary between the two weekends, bringing you a variety of vendors to check out. While you're shopping around, enjoy the sounds of live music, dance, and more!
Location: Old Town Square, 10415 North St., Fairfax
Dates: Dec. 6-8 | Dec. 13-15
Hours: Fridays, 5p-8p | Saturdays, 12p-6p | Sundays, 12p-5p
McLean Holiday Art & Crafts Festival
Experience seasonal cheer at this delightful three-day indoor juried show featuring approximately 80 talented, regional artisans. For more than 40 years, this one-of-a-kind show has offered gifts for every budget including pottery, glass, jewelry, holiday decor, mixed media, fashion accessories, wood, fine art, artisanal foods, soap and more.
Location: McLean Community Center, 1234 Ingleside Ave., McLean
Dates: Dec. 6-8
Hours: Dec. 6, 10a-7p (Happy Hour Happy Hour Wine, Beer & Hors d'oeuvres, 4p-7p) | Dec. 7, 10a-6p | Dec. 8, 10a-4p
McLean High School Holiday Bazaar
McLean High School will open its doors to the entire community for our 22nd Annual Holiday Bazaar. Come one, come all for a day of indulgence. Enjoy food and drinks from our cafe and live entertainment from the MHS Orchestra group while shopping for friends, family, coworkers and teachers. We will have many returning and new vendors selling everything from scented soap, jewelry, candles, bespoke gifts, scarves, home decor and lots more. Tons of unique gifts for all on your list!
Location: 1633 Davidson Rd., McLean
Dates: Dec. 14
Hours: 10a-3p
Rosslyn Cheer 2024: Holiday Market
Shop local and find the perfect gifts this holiday season! Join the Rosslyn BID on Saturday, Dec. 7 and Sunday, Dec. 8 from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at Central Place Plaza for a weekend of holiday shopping and celebrating the season! Whether you're looking for a few last gifts on your list or are just getting started, our holiday market has something for everyone. Shop a variety of local vendors selling art, jewelry, bath products, snacks, and much more.
Location: Central Place Plaza, 1800 N Lynn St., Arlington
Dates: Dec. 7-8
Hours: 10a-3p
LAC Studios Show and Sale
Looking for something truly unique? Shop Local! We have ceramics, pottery and hand pulled-prints, all for sale. Support local Artists!
Location: LAC Studios, 5722 Langston Blvd., Arlington
Dates: Dec. 7
Hours: 10a-4p
Holiday Market with URBNmarket
Kick off the holiday season with a full weekend of festive vibes. Shop curated gifts from URBNmarket vendors, enjoy live music, and get into the holiday spirit.
Location: 2800 Clarendon Blvd., Arlington
Dates: Dec. 7-8
Hours: 11a-4p
Falls Church Holiday Craft Show
Deck the halls during the holiday season with special gifts from the annual Holiday Gift and Craft Show at the Falls Church Community Center. Over 40 crafters and holiday vendors showcase handmade items, baked goods, and unique holiday gifts during the first weekend of December. On Saturday, Dec. 7, children can choose from a variety of gifts donated by the Gift and Craft Show vendors. Shopping is cash only at the Children's Holiday Shoppe and hosted by the Friends of Cherry Hill Farmhouse.
Location: 223 Little Falls St., Falls Church
Dates: Dec. 7-8
Hours: Dec. 7, 8:30a-3:30p (Children's Holiday Shoppe from 9a-3p) | Dec. 8, 10:30a-3:30p
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/fairfax-chef-killed-israeli-drone-strike-gaza
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
A beloved Palestinian chef and the face and founder of the Gaza Soup Kitchen was killed in an Israeli drone strike over the weekend, according to his family in Northern Virginia. Chef Mahmoud Almadhoun and his brother Hani, who lives in Fairfax County, teamed up earlier this year to create the Gaza Soup Kitchen. It began with Chef Mahmoud, 33, and just a few pots, feeding families in his Gaza neighborhood. FOX 5's Homa Bash has the story.
WASHINGTON, D.C. - A beloved Palestinian chef and the face and founder of the Gaza Soup Kitchen was killed in an Israeli drone strike over the weekend, according to his family in Northern Virginia.
Chef Mahmoud Almadhoun and his brother Hani, who lives in Fairfax County, teamed up earlier this year to create the Gaza Soup Kitchen. It began with Chef Mahmoud, 33, and just a few pots, feeding families in his Gaza neighborhood.
But it quickly grew, as did the need, and before long, five soup kitchens were operational with three in North Gaza and two in the south.
This summer, FOX 5's Homa Bash sat down with Hani to highlight the work the two brothers have done, along with the help of their mother, sisters, nieces and nephews.
Thousands of children and families are fed in Gaza through the Gaza Soup Kitchen and they have raised more than $2 million on GoFundMe, with support from people in more than 100 countries.
Hani said he received the call in the middle of the night on Saturday, telling him his brother Mahmoud had been killed in a drone strike. He didn't believe it at first.
"My brother is a chef, he should not be a target. He was feeding hungry people and providing water for the sick in the hospital," Hani said. "We believe that is why he was intentionally targeted."
Hani said that Mahmoud was a full-time civilian and a chef and had recently begun providing bags of flour, canned goods, produce and baby formula to a nearby hospital, which he believes may have led to his being killed.
Related
On Wednesday, the head of the World Health Organization said that thousands of people in Gaza are facing "catastrophic hunger and famine-like conditions."
"And the whole world's changed because this is our second brother that we lose. This is not our first," Hani said.
Their other brother was killed in Gaza soon after the war began in November 2023.
The World Health Organization has said that Northern Gaza is at imminent risk of famine — the report coming the same day the United Nations Human Rights Office said nearly 70 percent of deaths it has verified in Gaza were women and children, adding that 80 percent were killed in residential buildings.
More than 100 members of Hani's extended family have been killed in Gaza as the war rages on.
"It's a huge loss, we grieve a lot, but also we cannot be defined by fear. We are Palestinians, we have to be patient, we have to have strength. I know it seems like we should take a break but we cannot afford it. Kids are starving," Hani said.
And they will continue the work in honor of Chef Mahmoud, who leaves behind seven children — the youngest, a baby girl, just 10 days old.
"We have to mourn him, but also keep his legacy - he's always going to tell us, we must carry on," Hani said.
Chef Mahmoud has been laid to rest in Gaza - but there will be a memorial service to honor him in Washington, D.C. on Friday night from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. at the Friends Meeting of Washington at 2111 Decatur Pl. NW.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/man-shot-killed-dennys-restaurant-northeast-dc-police
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:

WASHINGTON - D.C. police are investigating a deadly shooting that they say happened inside a Denny’s in Northeast.
Officers responded to the restaurant in the 1200 block of Bladensburg Road, NE, just before 11 a.m. on Dec. 3. At the scene, police found an adult male inside suffering from gunshot wounds but they say he was conscious and breathing at the time.
MORE FROM FOX 5: Woman punched by random man in head while walking in Northeast DC
The victim was taken to the hospital by D.C. Fire and EMS for treatment. The man was later pronounced dead.
Police issued a lookout for two suspects, both described as Black men in their early 20s, last seen running on Bladensburg Road towards Benning Road.
Anyone with information is asked to call 911.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/suspect-shoots-victim-near-shake-shack-dc-after-breaking-vehic-police
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
A woman was injured after being shot following a car robbery near Shake Shack on 14th Street Northwest.
WASHINGTON, D.C. - A woman was left suffering gunshot wounds after being shot during a car robbery near Shake Shack in D.C.
Police arrived in the 1400 block of 14th Street for the report of a shooting. According to police, a couple was returning to their vehicle from the fast food restaurant Shake Shack, when they spotted two men breaking into their vehicle.
The couple observed one of the suspects searching through the backseat of the vehicle while the other suspect stood as lookout.
Police say a male victim approached the two suspects with his firearm and shouted "what are you doing?"
Police say he did not shoot at the two suspects.
The two suspects fled the scene and began running down Rhode Island Avenue NW. According to police, one of the suspects stopped and shot one of the victims in the right arm with his firearm, which appeared to be a black semi-auto hand gun.
Police say the suspects are described as two Black men, wearing ski masks and all black clothing. One is 5'10 and the other is 6 feet, armed with a gun.
This remains an ongoing investigation. Anyone with any information on this incident is asked to contact police.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/angela-alsobrooks-resigns-prince-georges-county-executive
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
Prince George's County Executive Angela Alsobrooks is stepping down from her role as she prepares to become Maryland's newest senator. Now, that means the race to replace her is officially on. FOX 5’s Homa Bash has the latest details on who is putting their name in to take the seat.
LARGO, Md. - Angela Alsobrooks has resigned as Prince George’s County Executive. Her resignation came on Monday at 10 a.m.
Last month, Alsobrooks won the race for the Maryland Senate seat over former Gov. Larry Hogan.
According to Prince George’s County code, Chief Administrative Officer Tara Jackson will assume the role of Acting County Executive. The Prince George’s County Executive seat will then go to a special election. This means anyone who wants to run can enter the race in order to fill the vacancy permanently.
Earlier this year, Aisha Braveboy, State's Attorney for Prince George's County, said she would consider joining the race.
"If a vacancy as County Executive for Prince George’s County becomes available, I will seek to fill the seat," Braveboy said in a statement earlier this year. "I love this county - I grew up here, and I understand the needs of Prince Georgians - because I am one."
READ MORE: Prince George's County Executive Angela Alsobrooks is headed to Senate. So what happens to her seat?
Braveboy has served as the County’s State’s Attorney since 2019. In 2006, she was elected to represent Maryland’s 25th District in the General Assembly and, since then, has served various roles within the county government.
Prince George’s County councilmember Calvin Hawkins said earlier this year that he would also consider entering the race. Hawkins is the At-Large member and was reelected to his council seat in November 2022.
Hawkins is a Prince George's County native. He also previously served as council chair, along with acting as an advisor to past county executives. With deep roots in the community, he brings 30 years of experience in county government.
Angela Alsobrooks has resigned as Prince George’s County Executive. A special election will be held to fill the final two years of her term.
"I will take those 30 years of experience throughout the 499 square miles, every situation you can imagine, and use all of that to build a Prince George's County we all will be proud of," Hawkins said.
County Chair Jolene Ivey was considered another possible candidate for the seat after Alsobrooks won her Senate campaign. She served in the Maryland House of Delegates for years and has been on the county council for the last six years, most recently acting as Council Chair. Ivey was raised in Prince George's County and has raised her five sons there as well, saying the county is at a crossroads.
"One of the biggest issues affecting our county right now is housing costs and when it comes to our seniors, they are the ones who are most effected and they are the ones who bring the least amount of impact to our budget. I’ve been effective already whether in the House of Delegates, County Council, member of our community and as a mom. I think I am well suited for this," Ivey told FOX 5 earlier this year.
She released a statement Monday following Alsobrooks' resignation announcement, confirming that she is running.
"Prince George’s County is at a crossroads. The next County Executive must tackle the housing affordability crisis, improve our schools, support our businesses, and work with the community and police to reduce crime," Ivey said.
READ MORE: Angela Alsobrooks defeats Larry Hogan to win Maryland US Senate race: AP calls
Former Maryland state delegate Rushern Baker is also expected to put his name in the hat. It's believed he may announce his campaign this Thursday or Friday.
Baker, who served from 2010 to 2018 and made historic progress, tells FOX 5 he is deeply humbled by the encouragement from residents to return to leadership. He said he'll consult with community members and his family before making a decision in the coming days.
A spokesperson for Baker provided a statement to FOX 5 Monday, saying in part, "Following Angela Alsobrooks' resignation, Mr. Baker is deeply humbled by the encouragement from residents urging him to return to leadership. Rushern’s tenure as County Executive brought historic progress to Prince George’s County. With the challenges ahead, he is strongly considering a run in the special election to bring experienced, steady leadership back to our community."
Alsobooks’ new term, along with the rest of Congress, will begin on Jan. 3, 2025.
There isn't a set date for the special election just yet — a primary could happen anytime between January and March, with the general election no later than May 6. It's a quick timeline and there is word that county council may try to change the charter to allow for a longer period before the election.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/police-identify-man-killed-prince-georges-county-community-activist-cornelius-mcdonald
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
Many Prince George’s County communities are in grief after the shooting death of a community activist early Saturday morning. On Sunday, police identified the victim as 33-year-old Cornelius McDonald.
PRINCE GEOREGE'S CO., Md. - A 33-year-old community activist was gunned down over the holiday weekend in Prince George’s County.
Cornelius McDonald, who lived in Upper Marlboro, was shot outside of Jasper's Restaurant in the 9600 block of Lottsford Court around 12:45 a.m. Friday, according to police. He was pronounced dead at the scene.
McDonald was a crisis hotline worker and support worker for youth, according to his LinkedIn profile.
There’s been an outpouring of sadness and love for McDonald on social media this weekend. Many of his friends called him Neal.
"Not only was he a high school classmate of mine, but a father and beloved member of our community," FOX 5's Mikea Turner said. "Neal was known as ‘the voice of the next generation’ and ran Stay SOLID, an organization that supports youth mental health."
FOX 5’s David Kaplan spoke with a cousin of his, Rico Scott, who said it’s now the family’s mission to continue his work and his advocacy to honor him.
"There are people in his corner that wanted to keep everything he had going on alive and we’re going to do that," Scott said. "His movement was strong. You know, to be as young as he was, you’d be surprised at how much work he’s done."
PREVIOUS COVERAGE: Man shot, killed in early morning Prince George's County shooting
Credit: Anthony Drayton
Scott says his brother was murdered five years ago and McDonald also leaves behind a young son. He says regardless of age or need, McDonald was a helper.
"His energy. It’s his energy. It was something that he felt compelled to do. Something he wanted to, kind of like break the noise of the bad rupture in the DMV period. He was one that would always try to smooth things out," Scott said.
Preliminarily, police think there may have been some kind of altercation inside the restaurant before the shooting.
The family remains adamant that McDonald was not a confrontation-seeker. FOX 5 was also told by family and the Prince George’s County Council member for that area that police were in the parking lot when the shooting happened.
Prince George's County councilmember Wala Blegay says this is a huge loss to the community in more ways than one.
"It really is tough, because when we’re going out there telling people about gun violence, one thing we’re telling them is to turn your life around, don’t get involved with this, because you want to live to see your kids and grandkids, and in this particular case, Mr. McDonald will not be able to see—his son has lost a father. And this is really unfortunate," Blegay said.
McDonald’s family says right now, they just want justice for this death.
Investigators are still working to identify and arrest the suspect who fled the scene following the shooting.
Anyone with information on this case is asked to call 301-516-2512.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/dhs-warns-violent-venezuelan-gang-dc-preschool-director-arrested-honduran-migrant-arrested-rape
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
FOX 5 is keeping an eye on crime in your community. Here's a look at some of the most notable stories from across the DMV this week.
WASHINGTON - FOX 5 is keeping an eye on crime in your community. Here's a look at some of the most notable stories from across the DMV this week.
The Department of Homeland Security has issued a bulletin to law enforcement across D.C., Maryland and Virginia concerning an illegal Venezuelan criminal gang known as ‘Tren de Aragua’ that is growing in both size and violence across the region.
The DHS internal intelligence memo concerning the gang was obtained by the New York Post. The memo states that Tren de Aragua has been connected to crimes in at least sixteen states across the country and is increasing in its "violent tendencies."
The director of the National Child Research Center remains behind bars after being arrested Wednesday on child abuse charges.
James S. Carroll, 46, was arrested after investigators say he attempted to obtain sexually explicit content involving a minor.
An alleged rapist is behind bars after officials say he attacked a woman walking on the Washington and Old Dominion Trail, and police fear there may be additional victims.
Herndon Police Chief Maggie DeBoard said the attack occurred between Ferndale Avenue and Grace Street after the victim had left a nearby business.
Police have arrested a D.C. man they say is connected to a dozen sex offenses that occurred in the District from 2021 to 2024.
Officials say 33-year-old Uwana Ubom was arrested after an extensive investigation by the department’s sexual assault unit.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/rash-retail-thefts-across-dc-cause-concern-amid-holiday-shopping-season
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
D.C. police are investigating a series of retail thefts across the District. Three of those crimes took place in the heart of Georgetown — where Mayor Muriel Bowser was touting the city's small businesses Monday.
WASHINGTON - D.C. police are investigating a series of retail thefts across the District. Three of those crimes took place in the heart of Georgetown — where Mayor Muriel Bowser was touting the city's small businesses Monday.
It’s one of the key retail districts in the city but it's also a prime target for criminals who were busy in the early morning hours. On this Cyber Monday, D.C. officials were urging shoppers to patronize local and small businesses, online or in person.
"Today, we're meeting in Georgetown and let me be clear about this as I say in every meeting, Georgetown is hot," Bowser said.
But right across the street from the shops where Mayor Bowser was encouraging people to bring their business this holiday season, three stores had been broken into overnight.
Retail theft is a real problem all year long but it can be especially problematic for businesses during the holidays.
"For some of these small businesses, the next 23 days is make or break for their businesses," Stacey Price tells FOX 5. Price opened a shop in D.C. seven years ago.
One Greek restaurant on Wisconsin Avenue had its front windows blown out and money stolen from its safe. The thieves were dressed in black and wielding a sledgehammer.
Also around the same time, a corner store on Dumbarton Street had its front door smashed in and $500 stolen.
"Certainly anytime we have individuals who victimize one of our retailers we're all very angry about it," Bowser said.
The mayor and D.C. Police Chief Pamela Smith are urging businesses and shoppers to be smart and safe — and for business owners to use cameras to help deter and solve crimes.
"We've had some significant arrests over the last couple of days with respect to individuals who've been coming into this city with sledgehammers and other equipment attempting to break into some of our establishments. We know that this is a pattern of behavior which is why we are posturing ourselves very differently," Chief Smith said.
She says they’re adding more than 100 police recruits to help protect some of the city's retail business districts.
"We had to make some changes in the law around the retail theft and we were able to include that as part of the Secure DC legislation that allows MPD to bring more substantial charges and gives the prosecutors what we need," Bowser said.
MPD says they've made more than 1,000 retail theft arrests already this year.
Police released an extensive list of robberies that occurred just on Sunday and Monday, all within Northeast and Northwest D.C. Anyone with information on any of the incidents below is asked to contact police immediately.

At the following locations, the suspects forcibly entered businesses and took property then fled in a vehicle.
At the following locations, the suspects attempted to enter establishments and then fled the scene in a vehicle.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/ashes-pilot-puppy-killed-tragic-plane-crash-brought-victims-family-virginia
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
The ashes of a pilot and a puppy killed in a plane crash last month were brought to the pilot's family in Northern Virginia. The 5-month-old puppy’s name is Lisa. She was being taken to New York for a second chance at life but sadly, she was killed along with 49-year-old Seuk Kim — the generous volunteer pilot transporting her and two other dogs from Maryland to Albany. Family says a memorial for Seuk is planned for Thursday. They are hoping to bury Lisa next to him.
SPRINGFIELD, Va. - The ashes of a pilot and a puppy killed in a plane crash last month were brought to the pilot's family in Northern Virginia.
The 5-month-old puppy’s name is Lisa. She was being taken to New York for a second chance at life but sadly, she was killed along with 49-year-old Seuk Kim — the generous volunteer pilot transporting her and two other dogs from Maryland to Albany.
The family of Kim, a father from Springfield, received Lisa’s ashes. They told FOX 5 that since the puppy and pilot tragically died together, it meant a lot to get their ashes reunited.
"It was very emotional. The kids were very strong," Seuk’s brother Sejin Kim said.
On Sunday, volunteer pilot Chris Moon – a friend of Seuk – flew from Virginia to Albany to bring back the puppy’s ashes.
Kim’s sons were the ones who greeted Moon and received the ashes at Leesburg Executive Airport.  It was all made possible by Forever Changed Animal Rescue.
Sejin Kim told FOX 5 that Lisa represented so much of his brother's passion and commitment to animals as this one flight was one of dozens of volunteer missions.
RELATED: Virginia father dies in New York plane crash while transporting rescue dogs
"He transported hundreds of dogs to different adoption agencies, being euthanized," Sejin said. "Since this accident…he changed my mindset. We are getting support from all around the world."
Seuk was piloting a small aircraft carrying three rescue dogs on Sunday, Nov. 24 when he lost control and crashed into a wooded area about 35 miles from his destination in Albany. NY authorities say there was poor visibility that day.
The two other dogs on board the plane survived the crash and have been getting medical attention
The Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board are still investigating the crash.
Family says a memorial for Seuk is planned for Thursday. They are hoping to bury Lisa next to him.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/trumps-win-renews-hopes-fbi-headquarters-move-fairfax-county
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
Fairfax County officials tell FOX 5 that they’re about to set to restart their fight to move the FBI headquarters to Virginia. It’s a battle that Virginia has already lost but some leaders in Fairfax County believe they can still reverse this. FOX 5's Tom Fitzgerald has the details.
FAIRFAX COUNTY, Va. - Fairfax County officials tell FOX 5 that they’re about to restart their fight to move the FBI headquarters to Virginia.
It’s a battle that Virginia has already lost but some leaders in Fairfax County believe they can still reverse this.
Back in November 2023, the General Services Administration announced that Greenbelt, Maryland would house the new FBI headquarters. But Donald Trump’s presidential election victory has thrown that decision into uncertainty.
Fairfax County Democratic Chairman Jeff McKay tells FOX 5 that this could be a second chance for Fairfax County to reverse the move.
"We’ve never given up," McKay said. "We still think we’ve got the better site. We think going to Greenbelt’s not only a mistake for the federal government but it’s a mistake for the FBI employees."
Maryland Congressman Glenn Ivey says that the FBI has waited long enough for a new building but McKay says on Tuesday, the Fairfax board will greenlight a new lobbying effort to lure the FBI, which he thinks the Trump administration would consider.
RELATED: White House allocates billions for FBI HQ in Greenbelt amid Maryland-Virginia feud
"I mean, we’ll have to see. He certainly blocked the new FBI headquarters when he was in the White House the first time. Hopefully, he won’t do that here," Ivey said.
Meanwhile, Trump’s naming of attorney Kash Patel to replace FBI Director Christopher Wray is raising eyebrows.
A well-known critic of the FBI, Patel has said that he’d close the FBI headquarters, spread its 7,000 agents across the country and turn the building into a "museum of the deep state."
Former FBI agent Kenneth Gray, who now works at New Haven University, tells FOX 5 that Patel would certainly shake up the FBI.
"The question to me is more about his temperament and also the fact that he’s likely to be a very, very strong advocate for the president and the director of the FBI should be somebody who is impartial," Gray said.
Christopher Wray was appointed as director of the FBI by Trump in 2017 and Wray’s term lasts until 2027.
It’s unclear if he’d resign or be fired by Trump but in a statement that the FBI wrote that "Director Wray's focus remains on the men and women of the FBI."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/1-hurt-after-car-plunges-from-5th-floor-parking-garage-chevy-chase
Description: Authorities say one person was hurt after a vehicle plunged to the ground from the fifth floor of a parking garage after a crash in Montgomery County.
Publication Time (Text): October 30, 2024 11:53am EDT

Full Article:
Authorities say one person was hurt after a vehicle plunged to the ground from the fifth floor of a parking garage after a crash in Montgomery County.
CHEVY CHASE, Md. - Authorities say one person was hurt after a vehicle plunged to the ground from the fifth floor of a parking garage after a crash in Montgomery County.
The crash happened around 8:30 a.m. in the rear of the Barlow Building in the 5400 block of Wisconsin Avenue near Montgomery Avenue.
1 hurt after car plunges from 5th floor of parking garage in Chevy Chase (Montgomery County Fire & Rescue Services spokesperson Pete Piringer)
Montgomery County Fire & Rescue Services spokesperson, Pete Piringer said the vehicle fell from the fifth floor of the garage after a crashed through a railing and landed on its roof.
Piringer said they were evaluating one trauma patient who self-extricated from the car.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/dc-police-announce-road-closures-ahead-kamala-harris-speech-ellipse
Description: D.C. police have announced multiple road closures that will go into effect Tuesday afternoon as the District prepares for Vice President Kamala Harris' final campaign speech at the Ellipse.
Publication Time (Text): October 29, 2024 5:22pm EDT

Full Article:
Vice President is gearing up to make a speech on the Ellipse Tuesday, and tens of thousands of people are expected to attend. FOX 5's Sierra Fox has all the details about the highly-anticipated event.
WASHINGTON - D.C. police have announced multiple road closures that will go into effect Tuesday afternoon as the District prepares for Vice President Kamala Harris' final campaign speech at the Ellipse.
Harris is set to make the major "closing argument" speech at the same site where Donald Trump delivered remarks in 2024 in an effort to overturn the results of the election.
In her address, Harris will urge Americans to turn the page on Trump's era of chaos and division and to embrace a "New Way Forward" for the nation. Her speech aims to present a stark contrast between her vision for a first term and the implications of a potential second term for Trump.
Featured
Vice President Kamala Harris is set to make a major "closing argument" speech on the Ellipse in Washington on Tuesday, Oct. 29 — just one week before Election Day.
Campaign advisers believe the symbolic nature of the Ellipse will help clarify the choice voters face and the goal is to remind voters that the country can move beyond Trump’s divisiveness.
The campaign rally is set to begin around 7:15 p.m. and end around 9 p.m., according to the event permit. Gates will open to the public at 3 p.m. Some 20,000 people are expected to attend. Overflow will be directed to the Northeast corner of the Washington Monument grounds.
Police released the full list of closures Monday.
The following streets will be posted as Emergency No Parking from 6:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m.:
The following streets will be closed to vehicle traffic from approximately 12:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m.:
Police say the public should be prepared to take alternate routes to avoid delays. They also say drivers should expect parking restrictions along the surrounding streets. Cars parked in violation of the emergency ‘no parking’ signs will be ticketed and towed.
"The Metropolitan Police Department works closely with our local, state, and federal partners. As with any other events in the District, it is our priority to ensure the safety and security of District residents and visitors," MPD said in a statement.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/fatal-crash-clinton-kills-one-injures-another
Description: Maryland State Police are investigating a fatal two-vehicle crash that occurred shortly before 2:30 a.m. in Clinton.
Publication Time (Text): October 25, 2024 10:38am EDT

Full Article:
Maryland State Police are investigating a fatal two-vehicle crash that occurred shortly before 2:30 a.m. in Clinton.
CLINTON, Md. - Maryland State Police are investigating a fatal two-vehicle crash that occurred shortly before 2:30 a.m. in Clinton.
The crash happened on Maryland Route 4 at Woodyard Road in Prince George's County and involved a passenger vehicle and a box truck.
The driver and sole occupant of a vehicle was pronounced dead at the scene. The box truck driver was taken to the University of Maryland Capital Regional Medical Center.
All southbound lanes remain closed. The crash's cause is under investigation.
Fatal crash in Clinton kills one, injures another
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/vehicle-veers-off-roadway-slightly-submerged-river-stafford-county
Description: A vehicle is partially submerged in a river after it veered off the roadway in Stafford County.
Publication Time (Text): October 25, 2024 9:17am EDT

Full Article:
STAFFORD COUNTY, Va. - A vehicle is partially submerged in a river after it veered off the roadway in Stafford County.
Stafford County vehicle collision
According to police, one lane of Telegraph Road is closed due to a partially submerged vehicle. The driver is out of the vehicle and being checked on by Fire and Rescue staff. Please use caution in the area.
No word on the number of vehicles involved or the cause of the incident.
This is a developing story. Stay with FOX 5 for more information and updates.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/1-vehicle-its-side-after-early-morning-crash-greenbelt
Description: An early morning crash in Greenbelt left one vehicle on its side.
Publication Time (Text): October 24, 2024 11:56am EDT

Full Article:
GREENBELT, Md. - An early morning crash in Greenbelt left one vehicle on its side.
The crash happened just after 6 a.m. along westbound Greenbelt Road near Hanover Parkway.
An early morning crash in Greenbelt left one vehicle on its side. The crash happened just after 6 a.m. along westbound Greenbelt Road near Hanover Parkway.
Images from SKYFOX showed a white vehicle on its side. A black vehicle appeared damaged and was stopped in the roadway.
Emergency crews closed the intersection for over an hour.
The cause of the crash remains under investigation.
1 vehicle on its side after early morning crash in Greenbelt
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/man-rescued-from-vehicle-after-water-main-break-floods-dc-roadway
Description: Authorities say a man was rescued from his vehicle after a water main break flooded a Washington, D.C. roadway Thursday.
Publication Time (Text): October 24, 2024 9:50am EDT

Full Article:
Authorities say a man was rescued from his vehicle after a water main break flooded a Washington, D.C. roadway Thursday.
WASHINGTON - Authorities say a man was rescued from his vehicle after a water main break flooded a Washington, D.C. roadway Thursday.
The rescue happened near Michigan Avenue and Park Place in the northwest. The man was behind the wheel when high water trapped him inside his car. Emergency crews pulled him from the vehicle. He was evaluated at the scene but declined further treatment.
Man rescued from vehicle after water main break floods DC roadway (DC Fire and EMS Department)
The break was reported Thursday morning on a 16-inch main at the intersection of Michigan Avenue and Warder Street.
The District of Columbia Water and Sewer Authority said they still assessing how the break occurred and how many customers are impacted.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/suspect-vehicle-hits-virginia-state-police-trooper-vehicle-during-pursuit
Description: During a police pursuit, a suspect struck a State Police trooper’s vehicle along Interstate 95 northbound in Stafford and Prince William Counties.
Publication Time (Text): October 23, 2024 12:46pm EDT

Full Article:
VIRGINIA - During a police pursuit, a suspect struck a State Police trooper’s vehicle along Interstate 95 northbound in Stafford and Prince William Counties.
The suspect, 43-year-old Austin L. Leonard, of Fort Worth, Texas, has been charged with driving under the Influence, eluding, and reckless driving.
Troopers attempted to stop a 2013 Mitsubishi Outlander along Interstate 95 in Stafford County around 12:24 a.m. Wednesday morning for reckless driving. Leonard refused to stop, and a pursuit was initiated. Police say additional troopers responded to the pursuit as it entered Prince William County, where the suspect's vehicle struck a State Police vehicle, causing minor damage.
According to police, the suspect drove into a truck rest area, made a U-turn, and began driving southbound on the right shoulder of Interstate 95 northbound. The suspect eventually made a second U-turn and began heading northbound again on I-95 northbound.
The pursuit approached the exit for Dale Boulevard and the suspect made a sudden turn to get off of the interstate. One of the troopers struck an attenuator at the exit in an attempt to keep up with the Outlander, disabling the state police vehicle and causing minor injuries to the trooper.
Virginia State Police were eventually able to stop the suspect just off of Dale Boulevard.
The trooper whose vehicle was struck was not injured.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/overturned-tractor-trailer-causes-delays-frederick-county-tuesday
Description: An overturned tractor-trailer carrying beer crashed early Tuesday morning in Frederick County, causing delays for commuters in New Market and covering the roadway in a sudsy brew.
Publication Time (Text): October 22, 2024 10:16am EDT

Full Article:
An overturned tractor-trailer crashed early Tuesday morning in Frederick County, causing delays for commuters in New Market.
NEW MARKET, Md. - An overturned tractor-trailer carrying beer crashed early Tuesday morning in Frederick County, causing delays for commuters in New Market and covering the roadway in a sudsy brew.
The crash happened just before 5 a.m. along eastbound I-70 just prior to the MD-75 interchange. The tractor-trailer overturned across all three lanes. One man, the driver, was transported to the hospital for evaluation.
All lanes were blocked and traffic in the area was diverted around the crash scene.
The cause of the crash is under investigation.
Beer truck overturns spilling brew onto I-70 in Frederick County (Frederick County (MD) Fire & Rescue)
An overturned tractor-trailer crashed early Tuesday morning in Frederick County causing delays to commuters in New Market.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/multi-vehicle-crash-upper-marlboro-closes-portion-crain-highway
Description: Crain Highway in Upper Marlboro is blocked in both directions after a multi-vehicle crash on Monday morning.
Publication Time (Text): October 21, 2024 1:56pm EDT

Full Article:
Crain Highway in Upper Marlboro is blocked in both directions after a multi-vehicle crash on Monday morning.
UPPER MARLBORO, Md. - One person was killed on Monday in a five-vehicle crash on Crain Highway in Upper Marlboro.
The crash happened around 9:30 a.m. along US-301at Village Drive.
Authorities say the driver of a Lexus was transported by ambulance to the University of Maryland Capital Regional Medical Center where they were pronounced deceased.
The driver of a Chevy pickup truck remains hospitalized with injuries.
Preliminarily, police say the Lexus was driving through the intersection when it was struck by the pickup. That crash resulted in the crashes of the other three vehicles involved.
Multi-vehicle crash in Upper Marlboro closes portion of Crain Highway
Traffic was rerouted around the intersection.
This is a developing story. Stay with FOX 5 for updates.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/tractor-trailer-crash-slows-monday-commute-columbia
Description: A crash involving a tractor-trailer is causing major delays on Monday morning in the Columbia area.
Publication Time (Text): October 21, 2024 9:58am EDT

Full Article:
A crash involving a tractor-trailer is causing major delays Monday morning in the Columbia area.
COLUMBIA, Md. - A crash involving a tractor-trailer is causing major delays on Monday morning in the Columbia area.
The crash was reported around 5:30 a.m. along the eastbound lanes of MD-32 between Broken Land Parkway and I-95.
The crash caused debris to scatter across parts of the roadway. It is unclear if any injuries have been reported.
The cause of the crash is under investigation.
Tractor-trailer crash scatters debris on roadway slowing Monday morning commute in Columbia
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/dc-road-closures-howard-university-homecoming-celebration
Description: Howard University is celebrating their 100-year homecoming anniversary. Several street closures will be in effect this weekend for the celebration. Here's what you need to know.
Publication Time (Text): October 18, 2024 10:13am EDT

Full Article:
Howard University President Ben Vinson III, PhD says he's excited about where the institution is headed. He calls it a 'NextGen HBCU' and says with new programs, they are looking to change the playing field for the next generation of young leaders. In a one-on-one interview with FOX 5's Stephen Graddick, Vinson discusses his first year of leadership at the University.
WASHINGTON - Howard University is celebrating their 100-year homecoming anniversary. Several street closures will be in effect this weekend for the celebration. Here's what you need to know.
The following streets will be closed to vehicle traffic for the university's yardfest, starting Friday, October 18 at 12:00 a.m. through Saturday, October 19 at 11:59 p.m.
The following streets will be posted as emergency no parking for the Howard University Homecoming football game, parade, and yardfest, starting Saturday, October 19 from 6:00 a.m. to 11:59 p.m.
Related
Howard University kicks off their 100th anniversary of homecoming. The 2024 Howard University Homecoming celebration will be held October 13-20.
The following streets will be closed to vehicle traffic for the homecoming parade, yardfest, and football game, on Saturday, October 19, from approximately 7:00 a.m. to 11:59 p.m.
The following streets will be restricted to local traffic only on Saturday, October 19, from approximately 7:00 a.m. to 11:59 p.m.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/woman-walking-dog-woodbridge-killed-when-car-jumps-curb-police
Description: A woman walking her dog in Woodbridge was killed after she was struck by a car that left the roadway and drove onto the sidewalk.
Publication Time (Text): October 18, 2024 9:16am EDT

Full Article:
WOODBRIDGE, Va. - A woman walking her dog in Woodbridge was killed after she was struck by a car that left the roadway and drove onto the sidewalk.
According to the Prince William County police department, the crash happened on October 17 around 6:30 a.m. along southbound Mapledale Drive near Miles Court.
Investigators say a 2020 Nissan Versa was approaching the intersection when it jumped the curb and struck the woman who was identified as 57-year-old Maria Isabel Cardozo. The Woodbridge resident was pronounced dead at the scene. The driver of the vehicle, a 30-year-old man also from Woodbridge, remained at the intersection and was uninjured, police said.
The dog was later located near Cardozo’s residence and was not injured. Investigators do not believe that alcohol and drugs were factors in the crash.
Charges are pending as the investigation continues.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/woman-killed-after-struck-vehicle-prince-georges-county
Description: A woman is dead after she was struck and killed by a vehicle early Tuesday.
Publication Time (Text): October 15, 2024 7:38am EDT

Full Article:
CLINTON, Md. - A woman is dead after she was struck and killed by a vehicle early Tuesday.
The collision happened just after 6 a.m. near Piscataway Road and Surratts Village Drive in Clinton.
Police say the woman was discovered in the roadway and was pronounced dead at the scene.
Investigators are attempting to determine the cause of the collision. The driver remained on the scene.
Anyone with information is asked to contact police.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/vehicle-pinned-under-school-bus-capital-beltway-rescue-progress
Description: A serious traffic accident involving a vehicle and an empty school bus has led to major delays on the Capital Beltway near John Hanson Highway, according to the Prince George’s County Fire/EMS Department.
Publication Time (Text): October 14, 2024 3:51pm EDT

Full Article:
A serious traffic accident involving a vehicle and an empty school bus led to major delays on the Capital Beltway near John Hanson Highway.
A serious traffic accident involving a vehicle and an empty school bus has led to major delays on the Capital Beltway near John Hanson Highway, according to the Prince George’s County Fire/EMS Department.
The department tweeted that the accident occurred Monday afternoon and involved a pickup truck pinned under a school bus. First responders were working to free the trapped driver.
A PGFD spokesperson told FOX 5 that the driver was flown to a hospital in "critical condition" after a Maryland State Police helicopter was requested to assist with the emergency response.

Motorists are advised to expect significant delays and move over for emergency vehicles as crews continue their efforts at the scene.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/18-year-old-charged-dui-involuntary-manslaughter-after-fatal-collision-leaves-1-dead-arlington
Description: Arlington County police have arrested and charged an 18-year-old suspect after a single-vehicle collision that left one person dead.
Publication Time (Text): October 12, 2024 2:11pm EDT

Full Article:
ARLINGTON COUNTY, Va. - Arlington County police have arrested and charged an 18-year-old suspect after a single-vehicle collision that left one person dead.
According to police, 18-year-old Brooks Bare of Arlington, Virginia has been charged with DUI/involuntary manslaughter and breath/blood test refusal. He is being held without bond in the Arlington County Detention Facility.
Police responded to the area of the 2200 block of N. Harrison Street around 1:58 a.m. Saturday morning, for the report of a single vehicle crash. Upon arrival, medics immediately began rendering aid to a passenger suffering from life-threatening injuries and transported him to an area hospital where he was subsequently pronounced deceased. He has been identified as 19-year-old Nicholas Rados of Arlington.
Police say Bare, who was the driver of the vehicle, was traveling northbound on North Harrison Street when he struck several parked, unoccupied vehicles on the side of the roadway, resulting in his vehicle overturning. As a result of the on-scene investigation, alcohol is believed to be a factor in the crash.
At the time of the accident, five people were in the vehicle; the driver and four passengers. One passenger was transported to an area hospital with minor injuries and has been discharged. Medics evaluated the other two passengers and the driver on scene.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/berlin-turnpike-shutdown-saturday-night-loudoun-county
Description: Berlin Turnpike in Loudoun County will be closed Saturday night following an early morning collision.
Publication Time (Text): October 12, 2024 12:49pm EDT

Full Article:
LOUDOUN COUNTY, Va. - The Berlin Turnpike in Loudoun County will be closed Saturday night following an early morning collision.
Police responded to the area of Route 7 Eastbound at Berlin Turnpike. This area was temporally shutdown during the time of the accident. It appears a vehicle traveled off the roadway and flipped into a wooded area.
Loudoun County crash
According to police, the area will be closed Saturday night for reconstruction and discovery operations.
This is a developing story. Stay with FOX 5 DC for updates and more information.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/crash-sends-vehicle-bus-stop-hillandale
Description: A crash sent a vehicle into a bus stop on Wednesday morning in Hillandale.
Publication Time (Text): October 9, 2024 8:34am EDT

Full Article:
A crash sent a vehicle into a bus stop on Wednesday morning in Hillandale.
HILLANDALE, Md. - A crash sent a vehicle into a bus stop on Wednesday morning in Hillandale.
The crash was reported just before 8 a.m. along southbound New Hampshire Avenue and Chalmers Road in Montgomery County.
SKYFOX was over the scene and showed at least two vehicles involved in the crash. One of the vehicles appeared to have crashed into a covered bus stop. The second vehicle blocked one lane of traffic on New Hampshire Avenue.
No injuries have been reported. Commuters should expect delays in the area.
Crash sends vehicle into bus stop in Hillandale
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/woman-killed-early-morning-crash-accokeek
Description: A woman was killed early Monday morning in a crash in Accokeek.
Publication Time (Text): October 7, 2024 10:30am EDT

Full Article:
ACCOKEEK, Md. - A woman was killed early Monday morning in a crash in Accokeek.
The single vehicle collision happened around 3:30 a.m. near Bryan Point Road and Auburn Road.
The woman was a passenger in the vehicle. The man behind the wheel was taken to the hospital with injuries considered non-life-threatening.
The cause of the collision is still under investigation.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/woman-killed-after-struck-maryland-state-police-trooper-annapolis
Description: A woman was killed after she was struck by a Maryland State Police trooper’s vehicle Sunday in Annapolis.
Publication Time (Text): September 30, 2024 7:26am EDT

Full Article:
ANNAPOLIS, Md. - A woman was killed after she was struck by a Maryland State Police trooper’s vehicle Sunday in Annapolis.
The crash happened shortly after 7:30 p.m. on Sept. 29 on northbound Solomons Island Road at Route 50.
Authorities say the trooper was driving an unmarked 2016 Ford Explorer when the pedestrian unexpectedly entered the roadway.
The 32-year-old woman was pronounced dead at the scene. Police say there was no crosswalk at the crash site.
Police say the trooper, who was not injured in the crash, immediately rendered first aid to the woman and requested additional assistance.
Roads in the are were closed as crews cleared the scene. The cause of the crash is under investigation by the Maryland State Police Crash Team.
Once the investigation is completed, it will be presented to the Anne Arundel County State’s Attorney’s Office. The Maryland State Police will also conduct an administrative review of the case as protocol.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/road-rage-incident-escalates-shooting-montgomery-county
Description: Maryland State Police are investigating a suspected road rage incident that ended in gunfire.
Publication Time (Text): September 28, 2024 1:52pm EDT

Full Article:
MONTGOMERY COUNTY, Md. - Maryland State Police are investigating a suspected road rage incident that ended in gunfire.
Police are asking for any dashcam footage of the road rage shooting on Friday evening in Montgomery County on northbound Interstate 270 in the vicinity of Shady Grove Road around 7:30 p.m.
Montgomery County road rage shooting
The vehicle of interest is a dark-colored sedan with Maryland license plates. Police believe it was occupied by two Hispanic males between the ages of 20 and 25.
Troopers from the Rockville Barrack were alerted about the incident shortly before 8 p.m. on September 28. The other vehicle involved, a white Dodge Durango, was struck multiple times by gunfire. The driver was uninjured. Police believe the shooting stemmed from road rage.
Anyone with dashcam video of the incident is asked to contact police at 410-538-1887.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/christmas-markets-dc-maryland-virginia
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
It's the holiday season and we're falling into the Christmas festivities! There's a number of holiday markets and one right in the National Harbor's backyard.
WASHINGTON - The holiday season is officially in full swing and FOX 5 has your guide to the best markets across D.C., Maryland and Virginia. Find the perfect gifts for friends and family, discover craft goods, snack on tasty treats and drinks, of course, experience that cozy Christmastime vibe we all love. Check out the full list below!
Downtown DC Holiday Market
The DC Holiday Market will feature 30 plus small businesses with artisans, boutique brands, worldwide handcrafts and unique gift items. The market brings its signature style, bright festive décor and popular holiday treats – Migue’s Mini Donuts and the Capital Candy Jar’s hot roasted nuts to an iconic location adjacent to Dupont Circle and renown Kramer’s Books & Café.
Location: 1500 block of 19th Street, NW.
Dates: Nov. 22-Dec. 15
Hours: Monday-Friday, 12p-8p | Saturday-Sunday 11a-8p
Dupont Weekend Pop-up Market
This uniquely Dupont shopping experience supports our Main Streets non-profit mission and community programming, which directly benefits Dupont Circle's multi-faceted neighborhood and small businesses. Guests can soak up the sounds of roving carolers, sip hot chocolate in Dupont Circle park while they shop the fantastic selection of vendor offering artworks, handmade pottery, textiles, wood crafts, jewelry, home decor, bath and beauty, candles and much more!
Location: Dupont Circle, 15 Dupont Cir., NW
Dates: Dec. 7-8
Hours: 12p-5p
Heurich House Museum Christmas Markt
Each December, the Heurich House Museum in historic Dupont Circle curates DC’s only multi-day holiday market consisting of ALL local makers. For the first time ever in its 12 year history, this year’s Christmas Markt will be held for an entire week. Shoppers do have to buy tickets for entry. Ticket prices range between $12-$18. Click here to purchase.
Location: 1307 New Hampshire Ave., NW
Dates: Dec. 6-Dec. 16
Hours: Dec. 6: 4p-8p | Dec. 7: 12p-8p | Dec. 8:12-6p | Dec. 10-Dec. 13: 4p-8p
Metro Holiday Pop-Up Shop
WMATA is bringing back its Metro merch pop-up shop to Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Library in downtown D.C. this holiday season. Stop by to pick up a gift that is uniquely D.C.! Or get exclusive merch for a transit enthusiast in your life.
New items this year include scarves for select stations, tote bags, new ornaments for 2024, a special collection of pins, and apparel for babies, kids, and adults and WMATA adds that some of the favorites from last year are coming back, too, including station pylon socks, mugs, magnets, and the Metro map shower curtain.
Location: 901 G St., NW
Dates: Nov. 30-Dec. 21.
Hours: Monday-Thursday: 10a-6p | Friday and Saturday: 10a-5p | Sunday: 1p-5p
Smithsonian’s National Museum of African Art Holiday Marketplace
The Smithsonian’s National Museum of African Art will host a marketplace as part of a series of events that celebrate its 60th anniversary. Approximately 15 educational artisans from the African diaspora at the Concourse Level of the museum, three levels below the ground floor.
Location: 950 Independence Ave SW, Washington, DC 20560
Dates: Dec. 7
Hours: 2p- 6p
Native Art Market
The museum’s annual Native Art Market features the works of award-winning and innovative Indigenous artists from across the Western Hemisphere. This weekend event invites lovers of art and craftsmanship to meet Native artists and learn about traditional Native arts and contemporary Native creativity. Visitors will have the unique opportunity to purchase traditional and contemporary handcrafted artworks, including beadwork, jewelry, paintings, photography, pottery, and sculpture.
Location: 4th St SW, Washington, DC 20560
Dates: Dec. 7-8
Hours: 10a-5:30p
Rock N’ Shop: A Rock'n'Roll Garage Sale
Rock'n'Shop is one of DC's longest-running holiday markets. And for good reason - its unique mix of local crafters, record dealers, shops, junk sellers, and great music offers a one-of-a-kind shopping experience. Looking to augment your collection with some essential records? Searching for the perfect T-shirt? Rock'n'Shop is where it's at.
Location: 1811 14th St., NW
Dates: Dec. 8
Hours: 2p-6p
Pajamarama Holiday Market at the Takoma Theater
Takoma’s Roscoe the Rooster crows early at this annual holiday shopping event. Pajama-wearing shoppers are rewarded with early morning discounts at participating Takoma businesses. Holiday shopping continues into the afternoon at the Pajamarama Holiday Market at the Takoma Theater. Local artists, makers, and collectors set up outdoors with unique, handmade holiday gifts.
Location: Participating Takoma Businesses and the Takoma Theater, 6833 4th St, NW
Dates: Dec. 8
Hours: Deals in local businesses, 8a-11a | Outdoor Holiday Market, 10a-3p
Procrastinator's Holiday Market
This year’s Procrastinator's Holiday Market is a one-day indoor/outdoor event at Kraken Kourts and Skates, bringing the community together for a day of last-minute holiday gift shopping, special festive menus, and entertainment for the whole family. There will be holiday-themed activities, including free holiday train rides and a raffle for items from our featured local vendors. This is a ticketed event. Click here to purchase yours!
Location: 514 Rhode Island Ave., NE
Dates: Dec. 14
Hours: 10a-4p
Holiday Market 2024 at Del Ray Artisans Gallery
The 29th annual Fine Art & Fine Craft Holiday Market offers unique handmade fine arts and fine crafts from local artists presenting a variety of media, including fiber/textiles, glass, jewelry, mixed media, polymer clay, ornaments, mosaics, painting, prints, paper crafting, photography, pottery/ceramics, sculpture, watercolor, wood, and more. Different artists are featured each weekend.
Location: Nicholas A. Colasanto Center, 2704 Mount Vernon Avenue, Alexandria
Dates: Weekends only, Dec. 6–22
Hours: Fridays, 6p-9p | Saturdays, 9a-5p | Sundays, 11a-5p
Reston German Christmas Market
The German Military of Reston will host its annual German Christmasmarket on December 7! Stroll through charming stalls and indulge in delicious German food, including Bratwurst and Glühwein (mulled wine), and beer and sweet treats from handmade cakes to waffles to cotton candy. Discover unique handcrafted gifts, ornaments, and souvenirs, perfect for spreading holiday cheer. All proceeds will be donated to Friends of Reston and Food For Neighbors.
Location: 11150 Sunrise Valley Drive, Reston
Dates: Dec. 7
Times: 4p-9p
Canal Center Holiday Bazaar
It’s the most wonderful event, of the year and the annual kickoff to the holiday season at Canal Center in Alexandria. The Boat Parade begins at 5:30p and the Bazaar will feature over 40 vendors, the Yellow Door Jazz band will be playing holiday classics, there will be an art gallery show opening and of course, holiday cheer!
Location: Canal Center Plaza, Alexandria
Dates: Dec. 7
Hours: 2p-8p
Old Town Alexandria Christmas Market and Holiday Craft Show
Celebrate the spirit of the season at the Old Town Alexandria Christmas Market and Holiday Craft Show at John Carlyle Square for a magical day filled with festive artisans, delicious treats, and heartwarming holiday activities.
Location: 300 John Carlyle Street, Alexandria
Dates: Dec. 14
Hours: 11a-4p
Old Town North Holiday Market & Farmers Market
Sip hot cider while shopping amongst local artisans for all your holiday needs during Old Town North’s free Holiday Market and Farmers Market, cohosted by the Old Town North Community Partnership and Volunteer Alexandria. Browse farmers’ market offerings from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. and explore the European-style holiday market from 10:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. This event is rain or shine.
Location: Montgomery Park, 901 North Royal St., Alexandria
Dates: Dec. 15
Hours: 9a-3:30p
Herndon WinterMarkt
The Herndon WinterMarkt is bringing the old world charm of Christmas in Europe to community-oriented Herndon, Virginia. The holiday market tradition stretches back to Saxony, Germany during the middle ages. Over the centuries, the joys of the traditional Christmas markets spread from town to town, and around the world! These markets feature a delightful blend of holiday food, drinks, gifts, and decorations and have become well-known for their hand-crafted Christmas decorations, wood-working, artwork, and textiles.
Location: Corner of Lynn & Station St., Herndon
Dates: Dec. 14
Hours: 12p-7p
Fairfax City Holiday Market
Head out to the Old Town Square in Fairfax to support local artist and do some holiday shopping during the first two weekends in December. Craft vendors will vary between the two weekends, bringing you a variety of vendors to check out. While you're shopping around, enjoy the sounds of live music, dance, and more!
Location: Old Town Square, 10415 North St., Fairfax
Dates: Dec. 6-8 | Dec. 13-15
Hours: Fridays, 5p-8p | Saturdays, 12p-6p | Sundays, 12p-5p
McLean Holiday Art & Crafts Festival
Experience seasonal cheer at this delightful three-day indoor juried show featuring approximately 80 talented, regional artisans. For more than 40 years, this one-of-a-kind show has offered gifts for every budget including pottery, glass, jewelry, holiday decor, mixed media, fashion accessories, wood, fine art, artisanal foods, soap and more.
Location: McLean Community Center, 1234 Ingleside Ave., McLean
Dates: Dec. 6-8
Hours: Dec. 6, 10a-7p (Happy Hour Happy Hour Wine, Beer & Hors d'oeuvres, 4p-7p) | Dec. 7, 10a-6p | Dec. 8, 10a-4p
McLean High School Holiday Bazaar
McLean High School will open its doors to the entire community for our 22nd Annual Holiday Bazaar. Come one, come all for a day of indulgence. Enjoy food and drinks from our cafe and live entertainment from the MHS Orchestra group while shopping for friends, family, coworkers and teachers. We will have many returning and new vendors selling everything from scented soap, jewelry, candles, bespoke gifts, scarves, home decor and lots more. Tons of unique gifts for all on your list!
Location: 1633 Davidson Rd., McLean
Dates: Dec. 14
Hours: 10a-3p
Rosslyn Cheer 2024: Holiday Market
Shop local and find the perfect gifts this holiday season! Join the Rosslyn BID on Saturday, Dec. 7 and Sunday, Dec. 8 from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at Central Place Plaza for a weekend of holiday shopping and celebrating the season! Whether you're looking for a few last gifts on your list or are just getting started, our holiday market has something for everyone. Shop a variety of local vendors selling art, jewelry, bath products, snacks, and much more.
Location: Central Place Plaza, 1800 N Lynn St., Arlington
Dates: Dec. 7-8
Hours: 10a-3p
LAC Studios Show and Sale
Looking for something truly unique? Shop Local! We have ceramics, pottery and hand pulled-prints, all for sale. Support local Artists!
Location: LAC Studios, 5722 Langston Blvd., Arlington
Dates: Dec. 7
Hours: 10a-4p
Holiday Market with URBNmarket
Kick off the holiday season with a full weekend of festive vibes. Shop curated gifts from URBNmarket vendors, enjoy live music, and get into the holiday spirit.
Location: 2800 Clarendon Blvd., Arlington
Dates: Dec. 7-8
Hours: 11a-4p
Falls Church Holiday Craft Show
Deck the halls during the holiday season with special gifts from the annual Holiday Gift and Craft Show at the Falls Church Community Center. Over 40 crafters and holiday vendors showcase handmade items, baked goods, and unique holiday gifts during the first weekend of December. On Saturday, Dec. 7, children can choose from a variety of gifts donated by the Gift and Craft Show vendors. Shopping is cash only at the Children's Holiday Shoppe and hosted by the Friends of Cherry Hill Farmhouse.
Location: 223 Little Falls St., Falls Church
Dates: Dec. 7-8
Hours: Dec. 7, 8:30a-3:30p (Children's Holiday Shoppe from 9a-3p) | Dec. 8, 10:30a-3:30p
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/fairfax-chef-killed-israeli-drone-strike-gaza
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
A beloved Palestinian chef and the face and founder of the Gaza Soup Kitchen was killed in an Israeli drone strike over the weekend, according to his family in Northern Virginia. Chef Mahmoud Almadhoun and his brother Hani, who lives in Fairfax County, teamed up earlier this year to create the Gaza Soup Kitchen. It began with Chef Mahmoud, 33, and just a few pots, feeding families in his Gaza neighborhood. FOX 5's Homa Bash has the story.
WASHINGTON, D.C. - A beloved Palestinian chef and the face and founder of the Gaza Soup Kitchen was killed in an Israeli drone strike over the weekend, according to his family in Northern Virginia.
Chef Mahmoud Almadhoun and his brother Hani, who lives in Fairfax County, teamed up earlier this year to create the Gaza Soup Kitchen. It began with Chef Mahmoud, 33, and just a few pots, feeding families in his Gaza neighborhood.
But it quickly grew, as did the need, and before long, five soup kitchens were operational with three in North Gaza and two in the south.
This summer, FOX 5's Homa Bash sat down with Hani to highlight the work the two brothers have done, along with the help of their mother, sisters, nieces and nephews.
Thousands of children and families are fed in Gaza through the Gaza Soup Kitchen and they have raised more than $2 million on GoFundMe, with support from people in more than 100 countries.
Hani said he received the call in the middle of the night on Saturday, telling him his brother Mahmoud had been killed in a drone strike. He didn't believe it at first.
"My brother is a chef, he should not be a target. He was feeding hungry people and providing water for the sick in the hospital," Hani said. "We believe that is why he was intentionally targeted."
Hani said that Mahmoud was a full-time civilian and a chef and had recently begun providing bags of flour, canned goods, produce and baby formula to a nearby hospital, which he believes may have led to his being killed.
Related
On Wednesday, the head of the World Health Organization said that thousands of people in Gaza are facing "catastrophic hunger and famine-like conditions."
"And the whole world's changed because this is our second brother that we lose. This is not our first," Hani said.
Their other brother was killed in Gaza soon after the war began in November 2023.
The World Health Organization has said that Northern Gaza is at imminent risk of famine — the report coming the same day the United Nations Human Rights Office said nearly 70 percent of deaths it has verified in Gaza were women and children, adding that 80 percent were killed in residential buildings.
More than 100 members of Hani's extended family have been killed in Gaza as the war rages on.
"It's a huge loss, we grieve a lot, but also we cannot be defined by fear. We are Palestinians, we have to be patient, we have to have strength. I know it seems like we should take a break but we cannot afford it. Kids are starving," Hani said.
And they will continue the work in honor of Chef Mahmoud, who leaves behind seven children — the youngest, a baby girl, just 10 days old.
"We have to mourn him, but also keep his legacy - he's always going to tell us, we must carry on," Hani said.
Chef Mahmoud has been laid to rest in Gaza - but there will be a memorial service to honor him in Washington, D.C. on Friday night from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. at the Friends Meeting of Washington at 2111 Decatur Pl. NW.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/man-shot-killed-dennys-restaurant-northeast-dc-police
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:

WASHINGTON - D.C. police are investigating a deadly shooting that they say happened inside a Denny’s in Northeast.
Officers responded to the restaurant in the 1200 block of Bladensburg Road, NE, just before 11 a.m. on Dec. 3. At the scene, police found an adult male inside suffering from gunshot wounds but they say he was conscious and breathing at the time.
MORE FROM FOX 5: Woman punched by random man in head while walking in Northeast DC
The victim was taken to the hospital by D.C. Fire and EMS for treatment. The man was later pronounced dead.
Police issued a lookout for two suspects, both described as Black men in their early 20s, last seen running on Bladensburg Road towards Benning Road.
Anyone with information is asked to call 911.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/suspect-shoots-victim-near-shake-shack-dc-after-breaking-vehic-police
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
A woman was injured after being shot following a car robbery near Shake Shack on 14th Street Northwest.
WASHINGTON, D.C. - A woman was left suffering gunshot wounds after being shot during a car robbery near Shake Shack in D.C.
Police arrived in the 1400 block of 14th Street for the report of a shooting. According to police, a couple was returning to their vehicle from the fast food restaurant Shake Shack, when they spotted two men breaking into their vehicle.
The couple observed one of the suspects searching through the backseat of the vehicle while the other suspect stood as lookout.
Police say a male victim approached the two suspects with his firearm and shouted "what are you doing?"
Police say he did not shoot at the two suspects.
The two suspects fled the scene and began running down Rhode Island Avenue NW. According to police, one of the suspects stopped and shot one of the victims in the right arm with his firearm, which appeared to be a black semi-auto hand gun.
Police say the suspects are described as two Black men, wearing ski masks and all black clothing. One is 5'10 and the other is 6 feet, armed with a gun.
This remains an ongoing investigation. Anyone with any information on this incident is asked to contact police.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/angela-alsobrooks-resigns-prince-georges-county-executive
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
Prince George's County Executive Angela Alsobrooks is stepping down from her role as she prepares to become Maryland's newest senator. Now, that means the race to replace her is officially on. FOX 5’s Homa Bash has the latest details on who is putting their name in to take the seat.
LARGO, Md. - Angela Alsobrooks has resigned as Prince George’s County Executive. Her resignation came on Monday at 10 a.m.
Last month, Alsobrooks won the race for the Maryland Senate seat over former Gov. Larry Hogan.
According to Prince George’s County code, Chief Administrative Officer Tara Jackson will assume the role of Acting County Executive. The Prince George’s County Executive seat will then go to a special election. This means anyone who wants to run can enter the race in order to fill the vacancy permanently.
Earlier this year, Aisha Braveboy, State's Attorney for Prince George's County, said she would consider joining the race.
"If a vacancy as County Executive for Prince George’s County becomes available, I will seek to fill the seat," Braveboy said in a statement earlier this year. "I love this county - I grew up here, and I understand the needs of Prince Georgians - because I am one."
READ MORE: Prince George's County Executive Angela Alsobrooks is headed to Senate. So what happens to her seat?
Braveboy has served as the County’s State’s Attorney since 2019. In 2006, she was elected to represent Maryland’s 25th District in the General Assembly and, since then, has served various roles within the county government.
Prince George’s County councilmember Calvin Hawkins said earlier this year that he would also consider entering the race. Hawkins is the At-Large member and was reelected to his council seat in November 2022.
Hawkins is a Prince George's County native. He also previously served as council chair, along with acting as an advisor to past county executives. With deep roots in the community, he brings 30 years of experience in county government.
Angela Alsobrooks has resigned as Prince George’s County Executive. A special election will be held to fill the final two years of her term.
"I will take those 30 years of experience throughout the 499 square miles, every situation you can imagine, and use all of that to build a Prince George's County we all will be proud of," Hawkins said.
County Chair Jolene Ivey was considered another possible candidate for the seat after Alsobrooks won her Senate campaign. She served in the Maryland House of Delegates for years and has been on the county council for the last six years, most recently acting as Council Chair. Ivey was raised in Prince George's County and has raised her five sons there as well, saying the county is at a crossroads.
"One of the biggest issues affecting our county right now is housing costs and when it comes to our seniors, they are the ones who are most effected and they are the ones who bring the least amount of impact to our budget. I’ve been effective already whether in the House of Delegates, County Council, member of our community and as a mom. I think I am well suited for this," Ivey told FOX 5 earlier this year.
She released a statement Monday following Alsobrooks' resignation announcement, confirming that she is running.
"Prince George’s County is at a crossroads. The next County Executive must tackle the housing affordability crisis, improve our schools, support our businesses, and work with the community and police to reduce crime," Ivey said.
READ MORE: Angela Alsobrooks defeats Larry Hogan to win Maryland US Senate race: AP calls
Former Maryland state delegate Rushern Baker is also expected to put his name in the hat. It's believed he may announce his campaign this Thursday or Friday.
Baker, who served from 2010 to 2018 and made historic progress, tells FOX 5 he is deeply humbled by the encouragement from residents to return to leadership. He said he'll consult with community members and his family before making a decision in the coming days.
A spokesperson for Baker provided a statement to FOX 5 Monday, saying in part, "Following Angela Alsobrooks' resignation, Mr. Baker is deeply humbled by the encouragement from residents urging him to return to leadership. Rushern’s tenure as County Executive brought historic progress to Prince George’s County. With the challenges ahead, he is strongly considering a run in the special election to bring experienced, steady leadership back to our community."
Alsobooks’ new term, along with the rest of Congress, will begin on Jan. 3, 2025.
There isn't a set date for the special election just yet — a primary could happen anytime between January and March, with the general election no later than May 6. It's a quick timeline and there is word that county council may try to change the charter to allow for a longer period before the election.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/thanksgiving-season-tragically-marred-after-man-shot-killed-laurel
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
The search is on tonight for the suspect who shot and killed a Prince George's County Public Schools employee in front of his home in Laurel last night. FOX 5's Bob Barnard is at the scene of the crime with the story.
LAUREL, Md. - Violence marred the Thanksgiving season in a Prince George's County neighborhood after a shooting claimed a man's life.
The incident occurred just after 9 p.m. Tuesday when Prince George's County police officers responded to reports of a shooting in the 12600 block of Silverbirch Lane in Laurel. Upon arrival, they found a man lying on the ground with gunshot wounds.
The victim has been identified by police as 58-year-old Jerome Stocks of Laurel, a Prince George's County Public Schools supervisor. Stocks was pronounced dead at the scene.
Investigators are still working to determine the circumstances surrounding the shooting.
A neighbor told FOX 5’s Maureen Umeh that he believes the victim is his friend and neighbor. He thinks Stocks was shot while in a car, adding that he heard six to seven gunshots and saw a gray car speeding away.
Violence marred the Thanksgiving season in a Prince George's County neighborhood after a shooting claimed a man's life.
Umeh also spoke to another neighbor who wished to remain anonymous. This neighbor also knew the victim and said the shooting had left the usually quiet community shaken.
Darius Jackson, 31, of Oxon Hill, Md. Photo via PGPD.
The suspect wanted in connection to the shooting was taken into custody Tuesday night. PGPD identified him as 31-year-old Darius Jackson of Oxon Hill. He is charged with the murder of Stocks.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/holiday-lights-across-dc-maryland-virginia
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
A spotlight on local businesses at D.C. holiday markets.
WASHINGTON, D.C. - The holiday season has arrived and FOX 5 has your guide to the best attractions and events taking place in D.C., Maryland, and Virginia to celebrate!
The Smithsonian National Zoo kicked off the holiday season with ZooLights on Friday.
One of D.C.’s favorite light displays is ZooLights, which features dozens of glowing animal lanterns across the Zoo as well as live music performances, winter treats and opportunities for holiday shopping. ZooLights is no longer free as in past years, now $6 per person.
Nov. 22 through Jan. 4 | Smithsonian National Zoo5 p.m. - 9 p.m. $6More information here.
Enjoy five lit works throughout December from local artists. Over the length of the free five-week event, keep an eye out for a special shopping night, holiday night market, a cocktail crawl and more.
Dec. 1 - Jan. 7 | Georgetown5 p.m. - 10 p.m.FreeMore information here.
Watch more than 60 decorated boats pass by the Wharf and enjoy ornament decorating, holiday karaoke, family photos with Santa and live music.
Dec. 7 | The Wharf6 p.m. - 9 p.m.FreeMore information here.
A Howard County holiday tradition of dazzling, larger-than-life animated holiday light creations!
Nov. 23 - Jan. 1 | Merriweather Post Pavilion  5:00 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.$15-$50 More information here.
This magical winter wonderland is perfect for some family fun. Montgomery County has transformed Brookside Gardens into a winter wonderland, with a half mile of lights to walk through.
Nov. 29 - Jan. 4 | Merriweather Post Pavilion5:30 p.m. - 9:30 p.m.$10More information here.
Enjoy the largest light show in the D.C. area and walk the 1.5-mile trail of Christmas lights and displays. Warm up by the bonfire, take a ride on a snow tube and try s’mores, funnel cakes and more.
Nov. 30 through Dec. 29 | Olney, MDVarious hoursStarting at $28.99More information here.
The wondrous display of lights at Seneca Creek State Park will be open nightly November 24 through December 31.
Take festive photos during this 3.5-mile drive through more than 450 illuminated displays. This stunning display at Seneca Creek State Parkis located at 11950 Clopper Road, conveniently accessible from I-270.
Nov. 29 through Dec. 31 | Seneca Creek State ParkVarious hours$15-$30More information here.
The 2024 Festival of Lights is a dazzling 2.5 mile holiday light display that allows visitors to drive the full route from the comfort of your car.
Nov. 15 - Jan. 7 | 7700 Bull Run Dr. Centreville, VA 20121$30 per vehicle online$40 per vehicle in personMore information here.
As the Christmas holiday season approaches, Meadowlark Botanical Gardens in Vienna has set up their Winter Walk of Lights display to get you in a festive mood. FOX 5's Gwen Tolbart is there to show us the magical experience!
Meadowlark’s Winter Walk of Lights is a luminous garden trail aglow with countless sparkling lights. The half-mile paved trail is wheelchair and stroller accessible.
Nov. 8 - Jan. 5 | Meadowlark Botanical Gardens5 p.m. - 10 p.m.$18 online, $22 in personMore information here.
The festival will be filled with dazzling light displays, featuring 1,000 handcrafted Chinese lanterns and lights. Lerner Town Square will be transformed into an illuminating winter wonderland.
This family-friendly event will feature refreshments and fun activities. Visitors will also be able to ride swings, seesaws, and other interactive attractions.
October 31st - January 12thDays: Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday 5:00 p.m. - 9:30 p.m.
More information here.
This outdoor light show includes unique light displays and an ice skating rink under the stars.
Nov. 17 – Jan. 1 | Cameron Run Regional Park5 p.m. -10 p.m.$8 admission, $20 admission and skatingMore information here.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/police-identify-man-killed-prince-georges-county-community-activist-cornelius-mcdonald
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
Many Prince George’s County communities are in grief after the shooting death of a community activist early Saturday morning. On Sunday, police identified the victim as 33-year-old Cornelius McDonald.
PRINCE GEOREGE'S CO., Md. - A 33-year-old community activist was gunned down over the holiday weekend in Prince George’s County.
Cornelius McDonald, who lived in Upper Marlboro, was shot outside of Jasper's Restaurant in the 9600 block of Lottsford Court around 12:45 a.m. Friday, according to police. He was pronounced dead at the scene.
McDonald was a crisis hotline worker and support worker for youth, according to his LinkedIn profile.
There’s been an outpouring of sadness and love for McDonald on social media this weekend. Many of his friends called him Neal.
"Not only was he a high school classmate of mine, but a father and beloved member of our community," FOX 5's Mikea Turner said. "Neal was known as ‘the voice of the next generation’ and ran Stay SOLID, an organization that supports youth mental health."
FOX 5’s David Kaplan spoke with a cousin of his, Rico Scott, who said it’s now the family’s mission to continue his work and his advocacy to honor him.
"There are people in his corner that wanted to keep everything he had going on alive and we’re going to do that," Scott said. "His movement was strong. You know, to be as young as he was, you’d be surprised at how much work he’s done."
PREVIOUS COVERAGE: Man shot, killed in early morning Prince George's County shooting
Credit: Anthony Drayton
Scott says his brother was murdered five years ago and McDonald also leaves behind a young son. He says regardless of age or need, McDonald was a helper.
"His energy. It’s his energy. It was something that he felt compelled to do. Something he wanted to, kind of like break the noise of the bad rupture in the DMV period. He was one that would always try to smooth things out," Scott said.
Preliminarily, police think there may have been some kind of altercation inside the restaurant before the shooting.
The family remains adamant that McDonald was not a confrontation-seeker. FOX 5 was also told by family and the Prince George’s County Council member for that area that police were in the parking lot when the shooting happened.
Prince George's County councilmember Wala Blegay says this is a huge loss to the community in more ways than one.
"It really is tough, because when we’re going out there telling people about gun violence, one thing we’re telling them is to turn your life around, don’t get involved with this, because you want to live to see your kids and grandkids, and in this particular case, Mr. McDonald will not be able to see—his son has lost a father. And this is really unfortunate," Blegay said.
McDonald’s family says right now, they just want justice for this death.
Investigators are still working to identify and arrest the suspect who fled the scene following the shooting.
Anyone with information on this case is asked to call 301-516-2512.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/trumps-win-renews-hopes-fbi-headquarters-move-fairfax-county
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
Fairfax County officials tell FOX 5 that they’re about to set to restart their fight to move the FBI headquarters to Virginia. It’s a battle that Virginia has already lost but some leaders in Fairfax County believe they can still reverse this. FOX 5's Tom Fitzgerald has the details.
FAIRFAX COUNTY, Va. - Fairfax County officials tell FOX 5 that they’re about to restart their fight to move the FBI headquarters to Virginia.
It’s a battle that Virginia has already lost but some leaders in Fairfax County believe they can still reverse this.
Back in November 2023, the General Services Administration announced that Greenbelt, Maryland would house the new FBI headquarters. But Donald Trump’s presidential election victory has thrown that decision into uncertainty.
Fairfax County Democratic Chairman Jeff McKay tells FOX 5 that this could be a second chance for Fairfax County to reverse the move.
"We’ve never given up," McKay said. "We still think we’ve got the better site. We think going to Greenbelt’s not only a mistake for the federal government but it’s a mistake for the FBI employees."
Maryland Congressman Glenn Ivey says that the FBI has waited long enough for a new building but McKay says on Tuesday, the Fairfax board will greenlight a new lobbying effort to lure the FBI, which he thinks the Trump administration would consider.
RELATED: White House allocates billions for FBI HQ in Greenbelt amid Maryland-Virginia feud
"I mean, we’ll have to see. He certainly blocked the new FBI headquarters when he was in the White House the first time. Hopefully, he won’t do that here," Ivey said.
Meanwhile, Trump’s naming of attorney Kash Patel to replace FBI Director Christopher Wray is raising eyebrows.
A well-known critic of the FBI, Patel has said that he’d close the FBI headquarters, spread its 7,000 agents across the country and turn the building into a "museum of the deep state."
Former FBI agent Kenneth Gray, who now works at New Haven University, tells FOX 5 that Patel would certainly shake up the FBI.
"The question to me is more about his temperament and also the fact that he’s likely to be a very, very strong advocate for the president and the director of the FBI should be somebody who is impartial," Gray said.
Christopher Wray was appointed as director of the FBI by Trump in 2017 and Wray’s term lasts until 2027.
It’s unclear if he’d resign or be fired by Trump but in a statement that the FBI wrote that "Director Wray's focus remains on the men and women of the FBI."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/man-killed-early-morning-crash-prince-georges-county
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
A man was killed in an early morning crash in Prince George’s County.
ADELPHI, Md. - A man was killed in an early morning crash in Prince George’s County.
The crash was reported in the Adelphi area near New Hampshire Avenue and Piney Branch Road around 3:15 a.m.
Officers responded and found a single vehicle involved in the crash. The driver, an adult male, was found dead in the vehicle.
The cause of the crash remains under investigation. The victim has not been identified.
This is a developing store. Stay with FOX 5 for the latest.
Man killed in early morning crash in Prince George’s County
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/tow-truck-driver-almost-struck-while-towing-another-vehicle-montgomery-county
Description: A tow truck driver was almost struck by a vehicle while towing another vehicle involved in a previous collision in Montgomery County.
Publication Time (Text): September 28, 2024 9:48am EDT

Full Article:
MONTGOMERY COUNTY, Md. - A tow truck driver was almost struck by a vehicle while towing another vehicle involved in a previous collision in Montgomery County.

Montgomery County Fire and Rescue responded to the area of southbound I270 sky ramp to eastbound I370 for reports of a collision. Officials say a tow truck was struck while towing another vehicle involved in a previous collision.
The tow truck driver jumped to safety to avoid being struck by the vehicle. The driver is suffering non-life-threatening injuries.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/man-struck-killed-hit-and-run-crash-fairfax-county
Description: Authorities say a man was struck and killed by a hit-and-run driver on Thursday in Fairfax County.
Publication Time (Text): September 26, 2024 10:34pm EDT

Full Article:
Police in Fairfax County are investigating a deadly hit-and-run and looking for the driver involved. FOX 5's Nana-Sentuo Bonsu reports from the scene of the collision.
FAIRFAX COUNTY, Va. - Authorities say a man was struck and killed by a hit-and-run driver on Thursday in Fairfax County.
The crash was reported just before 7:15 a.m. at Route 1 and Woodlawn Trail in Fort Hunt.
Police say the driver of the striking vehicle fled the scene.
Authorities say a man was struck and killed by a hit-and-run driver on Thursday in Fairfax County.
Southbound Route 1 was closed at Belvoir Drive.
Anyone with information is asked to contact police.
Man struck, killed in hit-and-run crash in Fairfax County
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/single-vehicle-crash-sends-driver-hospital-life-threatening-condition-fairfax-county
Description: One driver was left suffering life-threatening injuries in Fairfax County after a single-vehicle collision.
Publication Time (Text): September 26, 2024 2:18pm EDT

Full Article:
FAIRFAX COUNTY, Va. - One driver was left suffering life-threatening injuries in Fairfax County after a single-vehicle collision.
Related
Authorities say a man was struck and killed by a hit-and-run driver on Thursday in Fairfax County.
Fairfax County officers responded to the area of Route 1 and Janna Lee Avenue in Mount Vernon. Police say the driver, an adult man, was taken to the hospital in life-threatening condition.
Police believe excessive speed was a factor.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/downpours-flooded-streets-complicate-morning-commute-across-dc-region
Description: Heavy rain and flooded roadways complicated the morning commute Thursday for drivers across the Washington, D.C. region.
Publication Time (Text): September 26, 2024 12:13pm EDT

Full Article:
WASHINGTON - Heavy rain and flooded roadways complicated the morning commute Thursday for drivers across the Washington, D.C. region.
The showers and storms moved in overnight, bringing waves of heavy downpours.
Flood watches and advisories were in effect in parts of the area. Flood-prone areas like Annapolis and Old Town Alexandria saw high standing water.
Heavy rain and flooded roadways complicated the morning commute Thursday for drivers across the Washington, D.C. region.
Drivers on local roads were impacted by standing water and highways saw crashes and delays. A collision along southbound I-295 blocked lanes at Nannie Helen Burroughs Avenue for about an hour. Residual delays from the crash extended into the morning commute. Showers and storms are likely to continue into the afternoon.
Meanwhile, the remnants of Hurricane Helene are expected to bring wet weather to the D.C. area over the next few days. The area can expect some tropical downpours on Friday. The storm is likely to stall over the area, bringing gloomy weather with clouds, drizzle, and showers to the region over the weekend.
Tucker Barnes has the FOX 5 Weather forecast for Thursday, September 26
Flooded streets in Annapolis, Maryland on Thursday, September 26, 2024.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/maryland-sues-dali-ship-owners-managers-over-baltimores-key-bridge-collapse
Description: Maryland Attorney General Anthony G. Brown has filed a lawsuit against Grace Ocean Private Limited and Synergy Marine Pte Ltd., the owners and managers of the M/V Dali, for the ship’s collision with the Francis Scott Key Bridge which resulted in the bridge’s destruction and long-term economic and travel disruptions to the region.
Publication Time (Text): September 24, 2024 6:27pm EDT

Full Article:
The state of Maryland wants the owners of the Dali cargo ship to pay for what they say is "incompetence" that led to the Key Bridge collapse. FOX 5's Homa Bash has the story.
ANNAPOLIS, Md. - Maryland Attorney General Anthony G. Brown has filed a lawsuit against Grace Ocean Private Limited and Synergy Marine Pte Ltd., the owners and managers of the M/V Dali, for the ship’s collision with the Francis Scott Key Bridge which resulted in the bridge’s destruction and long-term economic and travel disruptions to the region.
Maryland Attorney General Anthony G. Brown has filed a lawsuit against Grace Ocean Private Limited and Synergy Marine Pte Ltd., the owners and managers of the M/V Dali, for the ship’s collision with the Francis Scott Key Bridge which resulted in the bridge’s destruction and long-term economic and travel disruptions to the region.
"For the past six months, and into the foreseeable future, Marylanders have had and will continue to shoulder the costs and burden caused by the misconduct of Grace Ocean Private Limited and Synergy Marine Pte Ltd. We have grieved the loss of six lives and mourned alongside their families. We have endured increased traffic and altered work commutes, degrading even the quality of the air we breathe. Our state has lost valuable tax and toll revenues, and Maryland’s economy has been disrupted," Brown said Tuesday. "Maryland will rebuild the Francis Scott Key Bridge, but Marylanders should not have to pay for the Dali owner’s and manager’s negligence and incompetence."
"Marylanders rallied and moved in partnership to take bold action following the collapse of the Francis Scott Key Bridge. But the presence of action doesn’t mean the absence of accountability. We can – and we will – pursue both at the same time," Moore said. "We will continue to work together to come back from this historic catastrophe, rebuild the Francis Scott Key Bridge, and make Marylanders whole."
READ MORE: Biden visits Baltimore bridge collapse: 'Your nation has your back'
The Dali crashed into the Francis Scott Key Bridge on March 26, 2024, causing its catastrophic collapse, the deaths of six men, and injuries to two others. The wreckage fell into the Patapsco River, blocking access to much of the Port of Baltimore. Shipping and trucking were diverted around one of the busiest ports on the East Coast, causing major financial and transportation disruptions.
Prior to the collision, the Dali experienced two electrical power failures in quick succession, leading to a loss of propulsion and steering. The ship’s backup systems failed, and the crew was unable to restore power. The pilots’ attempts to engage a bow thruster and drop the anchor were not executed in time to prevent the crash, according to Brown.
Brown said the State’s investigation concluded that the disaster was entirely preventable, noting that the Dali had experienced similar power failures the day before the incident.
Traffic on the Bay Bridge was temporarily halted Monday as the Dali - the cargo ship that crashed into Baltimore’s Francis Scott Key Bridge in March causing it to collapse – passed beneath on its way to Norfolk, Virginia, where it will receive extensive repairs.
READ MORE: Baltimore bridge collapse: Families of victims to file lawsuit
The ship’s owner and operator failed to diagnose or correct the power failures before departure and did not inform the two pilots who boarded to guide the ship out of the port, Brown said. The power failure stemmed from a longstanding vibration issue that damaged transformers and switchboards, causing nuts and bolts to come loose and fall out. This damage led to a loose connection, resulting in the first power failure on March 26, he said.
Additionally, the ship’s equipment, designed to automatically restore electrical power, malfunctioned because the management and crew intentionally bypassed critical safety features, Brown added. These unsafe conditions had persisted for months, and the owner and operator did not address them, he continued. They also failed to properly train the crew to handle such emergencies, Brown continued.
According to Brown, further failures by the owner and operator also contributed to the disaster. For instance, Brown said power was briefly restored after the initial failure but was lost again because the fuel supply to the ship’s electrical generators had been recklessly reconfigured to run on the wrong fuel pump.
READ MORE: Nebraska-based company wins $73M contract to rebuild Maryland’s Key Bridge
In addition to the severe economic disruptions, Brown added that the collision also resulted in the discharge of pollutants and hazardous materials into the Patapsco River and worsened air quality due to increased traffic on roads and highways. He said the impacts of the collapse will disproportionately affect communities already facing significant health and economic challenges.
In the lawsuit filed Tuesday, Maryland seeks punitive damages and compensation for:
- Replacement of the bridge;
- All costs associated with the emergency response, salvage, demolition, and benefits paid to affected - workers and businesses;
- Lost revenues, including tolls, fees, and taxes;
- Indemnification, damages, and attorneys’ fees pursuant to the Tariff;
- Damage to the State’s natural resources;
- All costs related to environmental contamination and penalties;
- Increased wear and tear on the State’s infrastructure; and
- Other forms of economic loss flowing from the destruction of the bridge.
READ MORE: Bodycam video shows dramatic rescue of Baltimore Key Bridge collapse survivor
Brown continued that Maryland has incurred substantial damages due to the Dali’s negligence, and these damages continue to accumulate. The full extent of the damages will be detailed through expert testimony during the litigation, he said.
Brown said the owners and managers of the Dali are seeking to limit their liability to the value of the ship, an amount far below the state’s damages.
Brown said that with the lawsuit, Maryland is asking the court to reject this request and hold Grace Ocean Private Limited and Synergy Marine fully accountable for their negligence, mismanagement, and incompetence.
A link to the lawsuit can be found online.
READ MORE: Baltimore Key Bridge collapse: Dali passes site where bridge crumbled; Bay Bridge traffic to halt
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/takoma-park-red-light-camera-program-begins-sept-23
Description: The Takoma Park Police Department is set to launch a Red-Light Camera Enforcement Program aimed at improving traffic safety and reducing accidents caused by red-light violations.
Publication Time (Text): September 23, 2024 8:07am EDT

Full Article:
TAKOMA PARK, Md. - The Takoma Park Police Department is set to launch a Red-Light Camera Enforcement Program aimed at improving traffic safety and reducing accidents caused by red-light violations.
The Takoma Park Police Department is set to launch a Red-Light Camera Enforcement Program aimed at improving traffic safety and reducing accidents caused by red-light violations.
The initiative, starting September 23, will initially issue warning notices to drivers who fail to stop at red lights, with full enforcement to follow after a 30-day grace period.
The first cameras will be activated at the following intersections on September 23:
- Eastbound Philadelphia Avenue at Piney Branch Road
- Northbound Piney Branch Road at Philadelphia Avenue
- Southbound Piney Branch Road at Philadelphia Avenue
Additional cameras will go live on September 30:
- Southbound New Hampshire Avenue at Glenside Drive
- Northbound New Hampshire Avenue at Erskine Street
The final set of cameras will begin issuing warnings on October 7:
- Northbound New Hampshire Avenue at Holton Lane
- Southbound New Hampshire Avenue at Ethan Allen Avenue
- Authorities say the program aims to deter dangerous driving behaviors, enhance compliance with traffic signals, and ultimately save lives.
- Full enforcement, including citations, will commence after the 30-day warning period for each intersection.
Fines and Key Information for Red-Light Violations:
- The fine for an automated red-light violation is $75.
- Fines may increase to $100 if court-imposed costs are added when contesting citations.
- No points will be added to a driver’s license, as these are civil violations.
- Vehicle insurance providers will not be notified of red-light camera citations.
- Citations can be paid online, in person, or by mail. Specific payment instructions will be included with the violation notice.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/woman-hit-vehicle-life-threatening-condition-fairfax-county
Description: A woman in Fairfax County suffered serious injuries after being struck by a vehicle.
Publication Time (Text): September 21, 2024 1:18pm EDT

Full Article:
FAIRFAX COUNTY, Va. - A woman in Fairfax County is suffering serious injuries after being struck by a vehicle.
Officers responded to the scene of a crash involving a pedestrian at Hunter Mill Road and Lynnhaven Place in Oakton, Virginia. Police say the pedestrian, an adult woman, was taken to the hospital in a life-threatening condition. The driver of the vehicle remained on scene.
One lane of northbound Hunter Mill Road was closed at the time of the incident.
This is a developing story. Stay with FOX 5 for updates and more information.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/dc-road-closures-ahead-h-street-festival-dc-half-marathon
Description: Several events will be taking place in the district and impacting traffic. Here's what you need to know about road closures and delays.
Publication Time (Text): September 19, 2024 10:31am EDT

Full Article:
WASHINGTON - Several events will be taking place in the district and impacting traffic. Here's what you need to know about road closures and delays.
The following streets will be posted as Emergency No Parking on Saturday, September 21, from 4:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. for the H Street Festival.
The following streets will be closed to vehicle traffic on Saturday, September 21, 2024, from approximately 4:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m.:
Vehicle traffic will not be able to cross H Street from 3rd Street to Florida Avenue, NE from approximately 4:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. Drivers are advised to seek alternate routes.
The following streets will be closed to vehicle traffic by the Metropolitan Police Department on Sunday, September 15, from approximately 6:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. for the DC Half Marathon.
The following streets will be closed to vehicle traffic by the United States Park Police on Sunday, September 15, 2024, from approximately 6:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/h-street-festival-takes-over-dc
Description: The 19th H Street Festival is returning to D.C. this weekend on the H Street Northeast Corridor.
Publication Time (Text): September 18, 2024 10:39am EDT

Full Article:
One of D.C.’s "best kept secret" is heading to the city this weekend. The annual H Street Festival spans 11 blocks and features music, dance, fashion, and shopping.
WASHINGTON - The 19th H Street Festival is returning to D.C. this weekend on the H Street Northeast Corridor.
One of D.C.’s "best kept secret" is heading to the city this weekend, Saturday, September 21, from 12 to 7 p.m. The annual H Street Festival spans 12 blocks with 15 staging areas and features music, dance, fashion, and shopping.
The festival has grown from a 500 attendee event to a 150,000 over 19 years. Come out and enjoy a Saturday of fun on September 16 with the family.
The event also welcomes volunteers above the age of 18. Click here for more information on how you can volunteer.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/overturned-tractor-trailer-crash-causes-i-495-delays-mclean-area
Description: A portion of Interstate 495 is closed after a truck crashed and overturned in the McLean area on Monday morning.
Publication Time (Text): September 16, 2024 11:34am EDT

Full Article:
A portion of Interstate 495 was closed after a truck crashed and overturned in the McLean area Monday morning.
MCLEAN, Va. - A portion of Interstate 495 was closed after a truck crashed and overturned in the McLean area on Monday morning.
The crash was reported around 7:30 a.m. along the inner loop near Georgetown Pike.
All lanes of the inner loop at Georgetown Pike have been closed. Several lanes along the outer loop have also been shut down.
FOX 5’s Annie Mae says delays of nearly one hour and 30 minutes have been reported from Route 123. The crash also involved a second vehicle believed to be a dump truck.
The cause of the crash is under investigation.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/1-person-killed-after-muti-vehicle-crash-prince-georges-county
Description: Police in Prince George’s County say one person was killed after a multi-vehicle collision on the Capital Beltway.
Publication Time (Text): September 16, 2024 6:01am EDT

Full Article:
LANDOVER, Md. - Police in Prince George’s County say one person was killed after a multi-vehicle collision on the Capital Beltway.
The crash happened around 8:49 p.m. Sunday on outer loop of Interstate 495 at Rote 50 in the Landover area.
Authorities say one person died at the scene. Two people were transported with injuries considered serious but not life-threatening. One person was transported for evaluation.
The crash caused major delays in the area Sunday. The cause remains under investigation.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/suspected-dui-driver-crashes-2-patrol-cars-montgomery-county-firefighter-police
Description: A firefighter was left suffering injuries after a DUI suspect crashed into two unmarked parols cars in Montgomery County, Maryland.
Publication Time (Text): September 13, 2024 3:04pm EDT

Full Article:
MONTGOMERY COUNTY, Md. - A firefighter was left suffering injuries after a DUI suspect crashed into two unmarked parols cars in Montgomery County, Maryland.
Maryland State Police responded in the area of the Inner Loop of Interstate 495 near University Boulevard for the report of a crash around 2:40 a.m. on the Inner Loop of Interstate 495 near University Boulevard involving a Lexus sedan and a tractor-trailer.

Several lanes were closed for an investigation, blocked off by traffic cones, flares and two marked patrol vehicles with emergency lights activated.
According to police, a BMW sedan drove through the lane closure and struck the two unoccupied patrol vehicles and a Montgomery County firefighter, identified as Michael Doyle, 54. He was transported to MedStar Washington Hospital for treatment of injuries.
The driver of the BMW, identified as Alberto Zurita, 45, was arrested for suspected DUI and transported to the Rockville Barrack for processing. There were no other injuries reported.
The cause of the crash is under investigation.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/3-killed-southern-maryland-crash
Description: Three people were killed in a crash in a rural section of southwestern Charles County, authorities say.
Publication Time (Text): September 13, 2024 12:01pm EDT

Full Article:
Three occupants of a senior-living facility transportation bus were killed when their vehicle crashed head-on into a dump truck in southern Maryland, authorities say.
NANJEMOY, Md. - Three occupants of a senior-living facility transportation bus were killed when their vehicle crashed head-on into a dump truck in southern Maryland, authorities say.
The crash was reported shortly before 8 a.m. Friday on Port Tobacco Road near Bowie Road a few miles outside the town of Nanjemoy in southwestern Charles County.
All three occupants of the bus, including the driver, were pronounced dead at the scene. The driver of the dump truck was uninjured. Maryland State Police Lt. Everett West said the driver of the bus was a man just over 80 years old. The two passengers were both women in their 60s, he said. West called the crash a "tragedy" and said the exact cause of the collision is not yet known.
Preliminary investigations suggest the bus lost control while traveling westbound, leading to a head-on collision with the eastbound dump truck. West added that there were no signs of driver impairment by either driver, and neither appeared to be speeding nor driving erratically in any way.
Port Tobacco Road remains closed as the Maryland State Police crash team conducts its investigation.
The identities of the deceased are being withheld pending notification of next of kin. The investigation is ongoing.
This is a developing story. Stay with us for updates.
3 killed in southern Maryland crash
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/suspect-flees-foot-after-fatal-hit-and-run-springfield
Description: A suspect fled on foot after a deadly hit-and-run crash in Fairfax County on Friday morning.
Publication Time (Text): September 13, 2024 8:46am EDT

Full Article:
SPRINGFIELD, Va. - Police say a suspect fled on foot after a deadly hit-and-run crash in Fairfax County on Friday morning.
The crash was reported around 7 a.m. on Franconia Road and Elder Avenue in Springfield.
According to police, Julio Cesar Pasassi, 43, of Springfield was walking west alongside the eastbound lanes of Franconia Road on the sidewalk. The driver of a 2012 Volkswagen Jetta was traveling east on Franconia Road when they drove off the roadway and struck Pasassi. Pasassi was declared deceased at the scene.
Franconia Road was shutdown by police in both directions as crash reconstruction units investigated the incident.
This remains an ongoing investigation. Anyone with any information on the incident is asked to contact police.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/suspected-motorcycle-malfunction-leaves-driver-dead-maryland
Description: The driver of a motorcycle was pronounced dead in Maryland after a fatal malfunction, according to investigators.
Publication Time (Text): September 10, 2024 9:25am EDT

Full Article:
MARYLAND - The driver of a motorcycle was pronounced dead in Maryland after a fatal malfunction, according to investigators.
Related
Montgomery County police have taken a man into custody as they investigate the death of a woman found in the 10500 block of Westlake Drive late Monday night.
The Maryland State Police Forestville Barrack responded to the area of Pennsylvania Avenue at Suitland Parkway for a report of a single-vehicle crash around 7:30 p.m. Monday night. According to police, the operator and sole occupant of a motorcycle, whose identification is being withheld pending next of kin notification, was pronounced dead at the scene.
According to a preliminary investigation, the motorcycle was traveling northbound on Pennsylvania Avenue when investigators believe the motorcycle had a fatal malfunction. The crash remains under investigation.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/pedestrian-struck-2-separate-drivers-dies-scene-howard-county
Description: A pedestrian was left dead after being struck by two vehicles Friday night.
Publication Time (Text): September 7, 2024 12:59pm EDT

Full Article:
HOWARD COUNTY, Md. - A pedestrian was left dead after being struck by two vehicles Friday night.
Howard County police are investigating a hit-and-run collision in Elkridge that occurred around 9:30 p.m. According to police, an adult female crossing the 6200 block of Washington Boulevard was struck by a vehicle traveling south on Washington Boulevard, then struck again by a vehicle traveling north. Neither vehicle stopped.
Featured
One student is dead after a shooting occurred in the boy's bathroom of Joppatowne High School Friday afternoon, according to Harford County officials.
Police say the pedestrian, who was not in a crosswalk at the time of the collision, was pronounced dead at the scene.
A portion of Washington Boulevard in that area was closed for approximately four hours.
Anyone with any information on this incident is asked to contact police.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/dc-bike-ride-2024-roads-close-throughout-district
Description: The annual D.C. Bike Ride is Saturday, September 7. Roads throughout the District will be closed starting Friday evening.
Publication Time (Text): September 6, 2024 1:13pm EDT

Full Article:
WASHINGTON - The annual D.C. Bike Ride is on Saturday, September 7. Roads throughout the District will be closed starting Friday evening.
The 20-mile bike ride raises money for local nonprofits. Last year's ride drew at least 10,000 riders.
At least 10,000 riders gathered in D.C for the 7th Annual DC Bike Ride.
The following streets will be posted as Emergency No Parking and closed from Friday, September 6, 2024, at 6:00 p.m. to Saturday, September 7, 2024, at 5:00 p.m.:
The following streets will be posted as Emergency No Parking and closed from Saturday, September 7, 2024, at 2:30 a.m. to 11:00 a.m.:
The following streets will be closed on Saturday, September 7, 2024, from 2:30 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/pedestrian-injured-crash-crain-highway-prince-georges-county
Description: A pedestrian was killed in a crash in Prince George's County on Friday.
Publication Time (Text): September 6, 2024 9:01am EDT

Full Article:
A pedestrian was killed in a crash in Prince George's County on Friday. The crash happened around 7 a.m. along northbound MD-301/Crain Highway at MD-38/Croom Road in the Upper Marlboro area.
UPPER MARLBORO, Md. - A pedestrian was killed in a crash in Prince George's County after being involved in an earlier crash, according to a preliminary investigation.
The crash happened around 5:30 a.m. Friday along northbound MD-301/Crain Highway at MD-38/Croom Road in the Upper Marlboro area.
Investigators say the pedestrian was involved in a prior crash. For reasons yet to be determined, the pedestrian walked into the roadway and was hit by a Ford driving northbound on Crain Highway. The driver of the Ford was uninjured in the crash. Authorities are continuing to investigate the circumstances surrounding the incident.
Traffic has been diverted to Heathermore Road. An extended closure is expected.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/overturned-tractor-trailer-scatters-debris-along-bw-parkway
Description: A tractor-trailer overturned in the Laurel area, scattering debris along a portion of the Baltimore-Washington Parkway on Friday morning.
Publication Time (Text): September 6, 2024 7:15am EDT

Full Article:
A tractor-trailer overturned in the Laurel area, scattering debris along a portion of the Baltimore-Washington Parkway on Friday morning.
LAUREL, Md. - A tractor-trailer overturned in the Laurel area, scattering debris along a portion of the Baltimore-Washington Parkway on Friday morning.
The crash was reported around 2 a.m. in the southbound lanes of the Parkway past MD-198.
United States Park Police officers responded to the crash. The driver was transported to the hospital for treatment of injuries described as non-life-threatening.
One lane is closed in the area while the truck is removed from the area.
The cause of the crash is not known.
Overturned tractor-trailer scatters debris along BW Parkway
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/truck-bed-slams-highway-sign-i-64-virginia
Description: A tractor-trailer caused serious damage when the raised bed of the truck slammed into a highway sign Thursday morning.
Publication Time (Text): September 5, 2024 2:47pm EDT

Full Article:

VIRGINIA - A tractor-trailer caused serious damage when the raised bed of the truck slammed into a highway sign in Virginia Thursday morning.
Virginia State Police say the truck was heading westbound on I-64 around 9:30 a.m. when the raised bed of the vehicle struck an overhead traffic sign near the 200-mile marker.
The bed then separated from the cab of the truck and remained upright against the damaged sign.
Crews were able to remove the truck bed from against the sign by 11 a.m.
The driver of the tractor trailer, Richard D. Houston, Jr., 62, of Lorton, was not injured. He has been charged with reckless driving.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/christmas-markets-dc-maryland-virginia
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
It's the holiday season and we're falling into the Christmas festivities! There's a number of holiday markets and one right in the National Harbor's backyard.
WASHINGTON - The holiday season is officially in full swing and FOX 5 has your guide to the best markets across D.C., Maryland and Virginia. Find the perfect gifts for friends and family, discover craft goods, snack on tasty treats and drinks, of course, experience that cozy Christmastime vibe we all love. Check out the full list below!
Downtown DC Holiday Market
The DC Holiday Market will feature 30 plus small businesses with artisans, boutique brands, worldwide handcrafts and unique gift items. The market brings its signature style, bright festive décor and popular holiday treats – Migue’s Mini Donuts and the Capital Candy Jar’s hot roasted nuts to an iconic location adjacent to Dupont Circle and renown Kramer’s Books & Café.
Location: 1500 block of 19th Street, NW.
Dates: Nov. 22-Dec. 15
Hours: Monday-Friday, 12p-8p | Saturday-Sunday 11a-8p
Dupont Weekend Pop-up Market
This uniquely Dupont shopping experience supports our Main Streets non-profit mission and community programming, which directly benefits Dupont Circle's multi-faceted neighborhood and small businesses. Guests can soak up the sounds of roving carolers, sip hot chocolate in Dupont Circle park while they shop the fantastic selection of vendor offering artworks, handmade pottery, textiles, wood crafts, jewelry, home decor, bath and beauty, candles and much more!
Location: Dupont Circle, 15 Dupont Cir., NW
Dates: Dec. 7-8
Hours: 12p-5p
Heurich House Museum Christmas Markt
Each December, the Heurich House Museum in historic Dupont Circle curates DC’s only multi-day holiday market consisting of ALL local makers. For the first time ever in its 12 year history, this year’s Christmas Markt will be held for an entire week. Shoppers do have to buy tickets for entry. Ticket prices range between $12-$18. Click here to purchase.
Location: 1307 New Hampshire Ave., NW
Dates: Dec. 6-Dec. 16
Hours: Dec. 6: 4p-8p | Dec. 7: 12p-8p | Dec. 8:12-6p | Dec. 10-Dec. 13: 4p-8p
Metro Holiday Pop-Up Shop
WMATA is bringing back its Metro merch pop-up shop to Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Library in downtown D.C. this holiday season. Stop by to pick up a gift that is uniquely D.C.! Or get exclusive merch for a transit enthusiast in your life.
New items this year include scarves for select stations, tote bags, new ornaments for 2024, a special collection of pins, and apparel for babies, kids, and adults and WMATA adds that some of the favorites from last year are coming back, too, including station pylon socks, mugs, magnets, and the Metro map shower curtain.
Location: 901 G St., NW
Dates: Nov. 30-Dec. 21.
Hours: Monday-Thursday: 10a-6p | Friday and Saturday: 10a-5p | Sunday: 1p-5p
Smithsonian’s National Museum of African Art Holiday Marketplace
The Smithsonian’s National Museum of African Art will host a marketplace as part of a series of events that celebrate its 60th anniversary. Approximately 15 educational artisans from the African diaspora at the Concourse Level of the museum, three levels below the ground floor.
Location: 950 Independence Ave SW, Washington, DC 20560
Dates: Dec. 7
Hours: 2p- 6p
Native Art Market
The museum’s annual Native Art Market features the works of award-winning and innovative Indigenous artists from across the Western Hemisphere. This weekend event invites lovers of art and craftsmanship to meet Native artists and learn about traditional Native arts and contemporary Native creativity. Visitors will have the unique opportunity to purchase traditional and contemporary handcrafted artworks, including beadwork, jewelry, paintings, photography, pottery, and sculpture.
Location: 4th St SW, Washington, DC 20560
Dates: Dec. 7-8
Hours: 10a-5:30p
Rock N’ Shop: A Rock'n'Roll Garage Sale
Rock'n'Shop is one of DC's longest-running holiday markets. And for good reason - its unique mix of local crafters, record dealers, shops, junk sellers, and great music offers a one-of-a-kind shopping experience. Looking to augment your collection with some essential records? Searching for the perfect T-shirt? Rock'n'Shop is where it's at.
Location: 1811 14th St., NW
Dates: Dec. 8
Hours: 2p-6p
Pajamarama Holiday Market at the Takoma Theater
Takoma’s Roscoe the Rooster crows early at this annual holiday shopping event. Pajama-wearing shoppers are rewarded with early morning discounts at participating Takoma businesses. Holiday shopping continues into the afternoon at the Pajamarama Holiday Market at the Takoma Theater. Local artists, makers, and collectors set up outdoors with unique, handmade holiday gifts.
Location: Participating Takoma Businesses and the Takoma Theater, 6833 4th St, NW
Dates: Dec. 8
Hours: Deals in local businesses, 8a-11a | Outdoor Holiday Market, 10a-3p
Procrastinator's Holiday Market
This year’s Procrastinator's Holiday Market is a one-day indoor/outdoor event at Kraken Kourts and Skates, bringing the community together for a day of last-minute holiday gift shopping, special festive menus, and entertainment for the whole family. There will be holiday-themed activities, including free holiday train rides and a raffle for items from our featured local vendors. This is a ticketed event. Click here to purchase yours!
Location: 514 Rhode Island Ave., NE
Dates: Dec. 14
Hours: 10a-4p
Holiday Market 2024 at Del Ray Artisans Gallery
The 29th annual Fine Art & Fine Craft Holiday Market offers unique handmade fine arts and fine crafts from local artists presenting a variety of media, including fiber/textiles, glass, jewelry, mixed media, polymer clay, ornaments, mosaics, painting, prints, paper crafting, photography, pottery/ceramics, sculpture, watercolor, wood, and more. Different artists are featured each weekend.
Location: Nicholas A. Colasanto Center, 2704 Mount Vernon Avenue, Alexandria
Dates: Weekends only, Dec. 6–22
Hours: Fridays, 6p-9p | Saturdays, 9a-5p | Sundays, 11a-5p
Reston German Christmas Market
The German Military of Reston will host its annual German Christmasmarket on December 7! Stroll through charming stalls and indulge in delicious German food, including Bratwurst and Glühwein (mulled wine), and beer and sweet treats from handmade cakes to waffles to cotton candy. Discover unique handcrafted gifts, ornaments, and souvenirs, perfect for spreading holiday cheer. All proceeds will be donated to Friends of Reston and Food For Neighbors.
Location: 11150 Sunrise Valley Drive, Reston
Dates: Dec. 7
Times: 4p-9p
Canal Center Holiday Bazaar
It’s the most wonderful event, of the year and the annual kickoff to the holiday season at Canal Center in Alexandria. The Boat Parade begins at 5:30p and the Bazaar will feature over 40 vendors, the Yellow Door Jazz band will be playing holiday classics, there will be an art gallery show opening and of course, holiday cheer!
Location: Canal Center Plaza, Alexandria
Dates: Dec. 7
Hours: 2p-8p
Old Town Alexandria Christmas Market and Holiday Craft Show
Celebrate the spirit of the season at the Old Town Alexandria Christmas Market and Holiday Craft Show at John Carlyle Square for a magical day filled with festive artisans, delicious treats, and heartwarming holiday activities.
Location: 300 John Carlyle Street, Alexandria
Dates: Dec. 14
Hours: 11a-4p
Old Town North Holiday Market & Farmers Market
Sip hot cider while shopping amongst local artisans for all your holiday needs during Old Town North’s free Holiday Market and Farmers Market, cohosted by the Old Town North Community Partnership and Volunteer Alexandria. Browse farmers’ market offerings from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. and explore the European-style holiday market from 10:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. This event is rain or shine.
Location: Montgomery Park, 901 North Royal St., Alexandria
Dates: Dec. 15
Hours: 9a-3:30p
Herndon WinterMarkt
The Herndon WinterMarkt is bringing the old world charm of Christmas in Europe to community-oriented Herndon, Virginia. The holiday market tradition stretches back to Saxony, Germany during the middle ages. Over the centuries, the joys of the traditional Christmas markets spread from town to town, and around the world! These markets feature a delightful blend of holiday food, drinks, gifts, and decorations and have become well-known for their hand-crafted Christmas decorations, wood-working, artwork, and textiles.
Location: Corner of Lynn & Station St., Herndon
Dates: Dec. 14
Hours: 12p-7p
Fairfax City Holiday Market
Head out to the Old Town Square in Fairfax to support local artist and do some holiday shopping during the first two weekends in December. Craft vendors will vary between the two weekends, bringing you a variety of vendors to check out. While you're shopping around, enjoy the sounds of live music, dance, and more!
Location: Old Town Square, 10415 North St., Fairfax
Dates: Dec. 6-8 | Dec. 13-15
Hours: Fridays, 5p-8p | Saturdays, 12p-6p | Sundays, 12p-5p
McLean Holiday Art & Crafts Festival
Experience seasonal cheer at this delightful three-day indoor juried show featuring approximately 80 talented, regional artisans. For more than 40 years, this one-of-a-kind show has offered gifts for every budget including pottery, glass, jewelry, holiday decor, mixed media, fashion accessories, wood, fine art, artisanal foods, soap and more.
Location: McLean Community Center, 1234 Ingleside Ave., McLean
Dates: Dec. 6-8
Hours: Dec. 6, 10a-7p (Happy Hour Happy Hour Wine, Beer & Hors d'oeuvres, 4p-7p) | Dec. 7, 10a-6p | Dec. 8, 10a-4p
McLean High School Holiday Bazaar
McLean High School will open its doors to the entire community for our 22nd Annual Holiday Bazaar. Come one, come all for a day of indulgence. Enjoy food and drinks from our cafe and live entertainment from the MHS Orchestra group while shopping for friends, family, coworkers and teachers. We will have many returning and new vendors selling everything from scented soap, jewelry, candles, bespoke gifts, scarves, home decor and lots more. Tons of unique gifts for all on your list!
Location: 1633 Davidson Rd., McLean
Dates: Dec. 14
Hours: 10a-3p
Rosslyn Cheer 2024: Holiday Market
Shop local and find the perfect gifts this holiday season! Join the Rosslyn BID on Saturday, Dec. 7 and Sunday, Dec. 8 from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at Central Place Plaza for a weekend of holiday shopping and celebrating the season! Whether you're looking for a few last gifts on your list or are just getting started, our holiday market has something for everyone. Shop a variety of local vendors selling art, jewelry, bath products, snacks, and much more.
Location: Central Place Plaza, 1800 N Lynn St., Arlington
Dates: Dec. 7-8
Hours: 10a-3p
LAC Studios Show and Sale
Looking for something truly unique? Shop Local! We have ceramics, pottery and hand pulled-prints, all for sale. Support local Artists!
Location: LAC Studios, 5722 Langston Blvd., Arlington
Dates: Dec. 7
Hours: 10a-4p
Holiday Market with URBNmarket
Kick off the holiday season with a full weekend of festive vibes. Shop curated gifts from URBNmarket vendors, enjoy live music, and get into the holiday spirit.
Location: 2800 Clarendon Blvd., Arlington
Dates: Dec. 7-8
Hours: 11a-4p
Falls Church Holiday Craft Show
Deck the halls during the holiday season with special gifts from the annual Holiday Gift and Craft Show at the Falls Church Community Center. Over 40 crafters and holiday vendors showcase handmade items, baked goods, and unique holiday gifts during the first weekend of December. On Saturday, Dec. 7, children can choose from a variety of gifts donated by the Gift and Craft Show vendors. Shopping is cash only at the Children's Holiday Shoppe and hosted by the Friends of Cherry Hill Farmhouse.
Location: 223 Little Falls St., Falls Church
Dates: Dec. 7-8
Hours: Dec. 7, 8:30a-3:30p (Children's Holiday Shoppe from 9a-3p) | Dec. 8, 10:30a-3:30p
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/fairfax-chef-killed-israeli-drone-strike-gaza
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
A beloved Palestinian chef and the face and founder of the Gaza Soup Kitchen was killed in an Israeli drone strike over the weekend, according to his family in Northern Virginia. Chef Mahmoud Almadhoun and his brother Hani, who lives in Fairfax County, teamed up earlier this year to create the Gaza Soup Kitchen. It began with Chef Mahmoud, 33, and just a few pots, feeding families in his Gaza neighborhood. FOX 5's Homa Bash has the story.
WASHINGTON, D.C. - A beloved Palestinian chef and the face and founder of the Gaza Soup Kitchen was killed in an Israeli drone strike over the weekend, according to his family in Northern Virginia.
Chef Mahmoud Almadhoun and his brother Hani, who lives in Fairfax County, teamed up earlier this year to create the Gaza Soup Kitchen. It began with Chef Mahmoud, 33, and just a few pots, feeding families in his Gaza neighborhood.
But it quickly grew, as did the need, and before long, five soup kitchens were operational with three in North Gaza and two in the south.
This summer, FOX 5's Homa Bash sat down with Hani to highlight the work the two brothers have done, along with the help of their mother, sisters, nieces and nephews.
Thousands of children and families are fed in Gaza through the Gaza Soup Kitchen and they have raised more than $2 million on GoFundMe, with support from people in more than 100 countries.
Hani said he received the call in the middle of the night on Saturday, telling him his brother Mahmoud had been killed in a drone strike. He didn't believe it at first.
"My brother is a chef, he should not be a target. He was feeding hungry people and providing water for the sick in the hospital," Hani said. "We believe that is why he was intentionally targeted."
Hani said that Mahmoud was a full-time civilian and a chef and had recently begun providing bags of flour, canned goods, produce and baby formula to a nearby hospital, which he believes may have led to his being killed.
Related
On Wednesday, the head of the World Health Organization said that thousands of people in Gaza are facing "catastrophic hunger and famine-like conditions."
"And the whole world's changed because this is our second brother that we lose. This is not our first," Hani said.
Their other brother was killed in Gaza soon after the war began in November 2023.
The World Health Organization has said that Northern Gaza is at imminent risk of famine — the report coming the same day the United Nations Human Rights Office said nearly 70 percent of deaths it has verified in Gaza were women and children, adding that 80 percent were killed in residential buildings.
More than 100 members of Hani's extended family have been killed in Gaza as the war rages on.
"It's a huge loss, we grieve a lot, but also we cannot be defined by fear. We are Palestinians, we have to be patient, we have to have strength. I know it seems like we should take a break but we cannot afford it. Kids are starving," Hani said.
And they will continue the work in honor of Chef Mahmoud, who leaves behind seven children — the youngest, a baby girl, just 10 days old.
"We have to mourn him, but also keep his legacy - he's always going to tell us, we must carry on," Hani said.
Chef Mahmoud has been laid to rest in Gaza - but there will be a memorial service to honor him in Washington, D.C. on Friday night from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. at the Friends Meeting of Washington at 2111 Decatur Pl. NW.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/man-shot-killed-dennys-restaurant-northeast-dc-police
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:

WASHINGTON - D.C. police are investigating a deadly shooting that they say happened inside a Denny’s in Northeast.
Officers responded to the restaurant in the 1200 block of Bladensburg Road, NE, just before 11 a.m. on Dec. 3. At the scene, police found an adult male inside suffering from gunshot wounds but they say he was conscious and breathing at the time.
MORE FROM FOX 5: Woman punched by random man in head while walking in Northeast DC
The victim was taken to the hospital by D.C. Fire and EMS for treatment. The man was later pronounced dead.
Police issued a lookout for two suspects, both described as Black men in their early 20s, last seen running on Bladensburg Road towards Benning Road.
Anyone with information is asked to call 911.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/suspect-shoots-victim-near-shake-shack-dc-after-breaking-vehic-police
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
A woman was injured after being shot following a car robbery near Shake Shack on 14th Street Northwest.
WASHINGTON, D.C. - A woman was left suffering gunshot wounds after being shot during a car robbery near Shake Shack in D.C.
Police arrived in the 1400 block of 14th Street for the report of a shooting. According to police, a couple was returning to their vehicle from the fast food restaurant Shake Shack, when they spotted two men breaking into their vehicle.
The couple observed one of the suspects searching through the backseat of the vehicle while the other suspect stood as lookout.
Police say a male victim approached the two suspects with his firearm and shouted "what are you doing?"
Police say he did not shoot at the two suspects.
The two suspects fled the scene and began running down Rhode Island Avenue NW. According to police, one of the suspects stopped and shot one of the victims in the right arm with his firearm, which appeared to be a black semi-auto hand gun.
Police say the suspects are described as two Black men, wearing ski masks and all black clothing. One is 5'10 and the other is 6 feet, armed with a gun.
This remains an ongoing investigation. Anyone with any information on this incident is asked to contact police.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/angela-alsobrooks-resigns-prince-georges-county-executive
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
Prince George's County Executive Angela Alsobrooks is stepping down from her role as she prepares to become Maryland's newest senator. Now, that means the race to replace her is officially on. FOX 5’s Homa Bash has the latest details on who is putting their name in to take the seat.
LARGO, Md. - Angela Alsobrooks has resigned as Prince George’s County Executive. Her resignation came on Monday at 10 a.m.
Last month, Alsobrooks won the race for the Maryland Senate seat over former Gov. Larry Hogan.
According to Prince George’s County code, Chief Administrative Officer Tara Jackson will assume the role of Acting County Executive. The Prince George’s County Executive seat will then go to a special election. This means anyone who wants to run can enter the race in order to fill the vacancy permanently.
Earlier this year, Aisha Braveboy, State's Attorney for Prince George's County, said she would consider joining the race.
"If a vacancy as County Executive for Prince George’s County becomes available, I will seek to fill the seat," Braveboy said in a statement earlier this year. "I love this county - I grew up here, and I understand the needs of Prince Georgians - because I am one."
READ MORE: Prince George's County Executive Angela Alsobrooks is headed to Senate. So what happens to her seat?
Braveboy has served as the County’s State’s Attorney since 2019. In 2006, she was elected to represent Maryland’s 25th District in the General Assembly and, since then, has served various roles within the county government.
Prince George’s County councilmember Calvin Hawkins said earlier this year that he would also consider entering the race. Hawkins is the At-Large member and was reelected to his council seat in November 2022.
Hawkins is a Prince George's County native. He also previously served as council chair, along with acting as an advisor to past county executives. With deep roots in the community, he brings 30 years of experience in county government.
Angela Alsobrooks has resigned as Prince George’s County Executive. A special election will be held to fill the final two years of her term.
"I will take those 30 years of experience throughout the 499 square miles, every situation you can imagine, and use all of that to build a Prince George's County we all will be proud of," Hawkins said.
County Chair Jolene Ivey was considered another possible candidate for the seat after Alsobrooks won her Senate campaign. She served in the Maryland House of Delegates for years and has been on the county council for the last six years, most recently acting as Council Chair. Ivey was raised in Prince George's County and has raised her five sons there as well, saying the county is at a crossroads.
"One of the biggest issues affecting our county right now is housing costs and when it comes to our seniors, they are the ones who are most effected and they are the ones who bring the least amount of impact to our budget. I’ve been effective already whether in the House of Delegates, County Council, member of our community and as a mom. I think I am well suited for this," Ivey told FOX 5 earlier this year.
She released a statement Monday following Alsobrooks' resignation announcement, confirming that she is running.
"Prince George’s County is at a crossroads. The next County Executive must tackle the housing affordability crisis, improve our schools, support our businesses, and work with the community and police to reduce crime," Ivey said.
READ MORE: Angela Alsobrooks defeats Larry Hogan to win Maryland US Senate race: AP calls
Former Maryland state delegate Rushern Baker is also expected to put his name in the hat. It's believed he may announce his campaign this Thursday or Friday.
Baker, who served from 2010 to 2018 and made historic progress, tells FOX 5 he is deeply humbled by the encouragement from residents to return to leadership. He said he'll consult with community members and his family before making a decision in the coming days.
A spokesperson for Baker provided a statement to FOX 5 Monday, saying in part, "Following Angela Alsobrooks' resignation, Mr. Baker is deeply humbled by the encouragement from residents urging him to return to leadership. Rushern’s tenure as County Executive brought historic progress to Prince George’s County. With the challenges ahead, he is strongly considering a run in the special election to bring experienced, steady leadership back to our community."
Alsobooks’ new term, along with the rest of Congress, will begin on Jan. 3, 2025.
There isn't a set date for the special election just yet — a primary could happen anytime between January and March, with the general election no later than May 6. It's a quick timeline and there is word that county council may try to change the charter to allow for a longer period before the election.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/police-identify-man-killed-prince-georges-county-community-activist-cornelius-mcdonald
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
Many Prince George’s County communities are in grief after the shooting death of a community activist early Saturday morning. On Sunday, police identified the victim as 33-year-old Cornelius McDonald.
PRINCE GEOREGE'S CO., Md. - A 33-year-old community activist was gunned down over the holiday weekend in Prince George’s County.
Cornelius McDonald, who lived in Upper Marlboro, was shot outside of Jasper's Restaurant in the 9600 block of Lottsford Court around 12:45 a.m. Friday, according to police. He was pronounced dead at the scene.
McDonald was a crisis hotline worker and support worker for youth, according to his LinkedIn profile.
There’s been an outpouring of sadness and love for McDonald on social media this weekend. Many of his friends called him Neal.
"Not only was he a high school classmate of mine, but a father and beloved member of our community," FOX 5's Mikea Turner said. "Neal was known as ‘the voice of the next generation’ and ran Stay SOLID, an organization that supports youth mental health."
FOX 5’s David Kaplan spoke with a cousin of his, Rico Scott, who said it’s now the family’s mission to continue his work and his advocacy to honor him.
"There are people in his corner that wanted to keep everything he had going on alive and we’re going to do that," Scott said. "His movement was strong. You know, to be as young as he was, you’d be surprised at how much work he’s done."
PREVIOUS COVERAGE: Man shot, killed in early morning Prince George's County shooting
Credit: Anthony Drayton
Scott says his brother was murdered five years ago and McDonald also leaves behind a young son. He says regardless of age or need, McDonald was a helper.
"His energy. It’s his energy. It was something that he felt compelled to do. Something he wanted to, kind of like break the noise of the bad rupture in the DMV period. He was one that would always try to smooth things out," Scott said.
Preliminarily, police think there may have been some kind of altercation inside the restaurant before the shooting.
The family remains adamant that McDonald was not a confrontation-seeker. FOX 5 was also told by family and the Prince George’s County Council member for that area that police were in the parking lot when the shooting happened.
Prince George's County councilmember Wala Blegay says this is a huge loss to the community in more ways than one.
"It really is tough, because when we’re going out there telling people about gun violence, one thing we’re telling them is to turn your life around, don’t get involved with this, because you want to live to see your kids and grandkids, and in this particular case, Mr. McDonald will not be able to see—his son has lost a father. And this is really unfortunate," Blegay said.
McDonald’s family says right now, they just want justice for this death.
Investigators are still working to identify and arrest the suspect who fled the scene following the shooting.
Anyone with information on this case is asked to call 301-516-2512.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/dhs-warns-violent-venezuelan-gang-dc-preschool-director-arrested-honduran-migrant-arrested-rape
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
FOX 5 is keeping an eye on crime in your community. Here's a look at some of the most notable stories from across the DMV this week.
WASHINGTON - FOX 5 is keeping an eye on crime in your community. Here's a look at some of the most notable stories from across the DMV this week.
The Department of Homeland Security has issued a bulletin to law enforcement across D.C., Maryland and Virginia concerning an illegal Venezuelan criminal gang known as ‘Tren de Aragua’ that is growing in both size and violence across the region.
The DHS internal intelligence memo concerning the gang was obtained by the New York Post. The memo states that Tren de Aragua has been connected to crimes in at least sixteen states across the country and is increasing in its "violent tendencies."
The director of the National Child Research Center remains behind bars after being arrested Wednesday on child abuse charges.
James S. Carroll, 46, was arrested after investigators say he attempted to obtain sexually explicit content involving a minor.
An alleged rapist is behind bars after officials say he attacked a woman walking on the Washington and Old Dominion Trail, and police fear there may be additional victims.
Herndon Police Chief Maggie DeBoard said the attack occurred between Ferndale Avenue and Grace Street after the victim had left a nearby business.
Police have arrested a D.C. man they say is connected to a dozen sex offenses that occurred in the District from 2021 to 2024.
Officials say 33-year-old Uwana Ubom was arrested after an extensive investigation by the department’s sexual assault unit.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/rash-retail-thefts-across-dc-cause-concern-amid-holiday-shopping-season
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
D.C. police are investigating a series of retail thefts across the District. Three of those crimes took place in the heart of Georgetown — where Mayor Muriel Bowser was touting the city's small businesses Monday.
WASHINGTON - D.C. police are investigating a series of retail thefts across the District. Three of those crimes took place in the heart of Georgetown — where Mayor Muriel Bowser was touting the city's small businesses Monday.
It’s one of the key retail districts in the city but it's also a prime target for criminals who were busy in the early morning hours. On this Cyber Monday, D.C. officials were urging shoppers to patronize local and small businesses, online or in person.
"Today, we're meeting in Georgetown and let me be clear about this as I say in every meeting, Georgetown is hot," Bowser said.
But right across the street from the shops where Mayor Bowser was encouraging people to bring their business this holiday season, three stores had been broken into overnight.
Retail theft is a real problem all year long but it can be especially problematic for businesses during the holidays.
"For some of these small businesses, the next 23 days is make or break for their businesses," Stacey Price tells FOX 5. Price opened a shop in D.C. seven years ago.
One Greek restaurant on Wisconsin Avenue had its front windows blown out and money stolen from its safe. The thieves were dressed in black and wielding a sledgehammer.
Also around the same time, a corner store on Dumbarton Street had its front door smashed in and $500 stolen.
"Certainly anytime we have individuals who victimize one of our retailers we're all very angry about it," Bowser said.
The mayor and D.C. Police Chief Pamela Smith are urging businesses and shoppers to be smart and safe — and for business owners to use cameras to help deter and solve crimes.
"We've had some significant arrests over the last couple of days with respect to individuals who've been coming into this city with sledgehammers and other equipment attempting to break into some of our establishments. We know that this is a pattern of behavior which is why we are posturing ourselves very differently," Chief Smith said.
She says they’re adding more than 100 police recruits to help protect some of the city's retail business districts.
"We had to make some changes in the law around the retail theft and we were able to include that as part of the Secure DC legislation that allows MPD to bring more substantial charges and gives the prosecutors what we need," Bowser said.
MPD says they've made more than 1,000 retail theft arrests already this year.
Police released an extensive list of robberies that occurred just on Sunday and Monday, all within Northeast and Northwest D.C. Anyone with information on any of the incidents below is asked to contact police immediately.

At the following locations, the suspects forcibly entered businesses and took property then fled in a vehicle.
At the following locations, the suspects attempted to enter establishments and then fled the scene in a vehicle.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/ashes-pilot-puppy-killed-tragic-plane-crash-brought-victims-family-virginia
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
The ashes of a pilot and a puppy killed in a plane crash last month were brought to the pilot's family in Northern Virginia. The 5-month-old puppy’s name is Lisa. She was being taken to New York for a second chance at life but sadly, she was killed along with 49-year-old Seuk Kim — the generous volunteer pilot transporting her and two other dogs from Maryland to Albany. Family says a memorial for Seuk is planned for Thursday. They are hoping to bury Lisa next to him.
SPRINGFIELD, Va. - The ashes of a pilot and a puppy killed in a plane crash last month were brought to the pilot's family in Northern Virginia.
The 5-month-old puppy’s name is Lisa. She was being taken to New York for a second chance at life but sadly, she was killed along with 49-year-old Seuk Kim — the generous volunteer pilot transporting her and two other dogs from Maryland to Albany.
The family of Kim, a father from Springfield, received Lisa’s ashes. They told FOX 5 that since the puppy and pilot tragically died together, it meant a lot to get their ashes reunited.
"It was very emotional. The kids were very strong," Seuk’s brother Sejin Kim said.
On Sunday, volunteer pilot Chris Moon – a friend of Seuk – flew from Virginia to Albany to bring back the puppy’s ashes.
Kim’s sons were the ones who greeted Moon and received the ashes at Leesburg Executive Airport.  It was all made possible by Forever Changed Animal Rescue.
Sejin Kim told FOX 5 that Lisa represented so much of his brother's passion and commitment to animals as this one flight was one of dozens of volunteer missions.
RELATED: Virginia father dies in New York plane crash while transporting rescue dogs
"He transported hundreds of dogs to different adoption agencies, being euthanized," Sejin said. "Since this accident…he changed my mindset. We are getting support from all around the world."
Seuk was piloting a small aircraft carrying three rescue dogs on Sunday, Nov. 24 when he lost control and crashed into a wooded area about 35 miles from his destination in Albany. NY authorities say there was poor visibility that day.
The two other dogs on board the plane survived the crash and have been getting medical attention
The Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board are still investigating the crash.
Family says a memorial for Seuk is planned for Thursday. They are hoping to bury Lisa next to him.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/trumps-win-renews-hopes-fbi-headquarters-move-fairfax-county
Description: Description not found
Publication Time (Text): Time not found

Full Article:
Fairfax County officials tell FOX 5 that they’re about to set to restart their fight to move the FBI headquarters to Virginia. It’s a battle that Virginia has already lost but some leaders in Fairfax County believe they can still reverse this. FOX 5's Tom Fitzgerald has the details.
FAIRFAX COUNTY, Va. - Fairfax County officials tell FOX 5 that they’re about to restart their fight to move the FBI headquarters to Virginia.
It’s a battle that Virginia has already lost but some leaders in Fairfax County believe they can still reverse this.
Back in November 2023, the General Services Administration announced that Greenbelt, Maryland would house the new FBI headquarters. But Donald Trump’s presidential election victory has thrown that decision into uncertainty.
Fairfax County Democratic Chairman Jeff McKay tells FOX 5 that this could be a second chance for Fairfax County to reverse the move.
"We’ve never given up," McKay said. "We still think we’ve got the better site. We think going to Greenbelt’s not only a mistake for the federal government but it’s a mistake for the FBI employees."
Maryland Congressman Glenn Ivey says that the FBI has waited long enough for a new building but McKay says on Tuesday, the Fairfax board will greenlight a new lobbying effort to lure the FBI, which he thinks the Trump administration would consider.
RELATED: White House allocates billions for FBI HQ in Greenbelt amid Maryland-Virginia feud
"I mean, we’ll have to see. He certainly blocked the new FBI headquarters when he was in the White House the first time. Hopefully, he won’t do that here," Ivey said.
Meanwhile, Trump’s naming of attorney Kash Patel to replace FBI Director Christopher Wray is raising eyebrows.
A well-known critic of the FBI, Patel has said that he’d close the FBI headquarters, spread its 7,000 agents across the country and turn the building into a "museum of the deep state."
Former FBI agent Kenneth Gray, who now works at New Haven University, tells FOX 5 that Patel would certainly shake up the FBI.
"The question to me is more about his temperament and also the fact that he’s likely to be a very, very strong advocate for the president and the director of the FBI should be somebody who is impartial," Gray said.
Christopher Wray was appointed as director of the FBI by Trump in 2017 and Wray’s term lasts until 2027.
It’s unclear if he’d resign or be fired by Trump but in a statement that the FBI wrote that "Director Wray's focus remains on the men and women of the FBI."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/3-kids-1-adult-escape-car-crushed-fallen-tree-northwest-dc
Description: Three kids and one adult made it out of a scary situation in Northwest D.C. Tuesday after a tree fell on their car while they were in it.
Publication Time (Text): September 4, 2024 12:38pm EDT

Full Article:

WASHINGTON - Three kids and one adult made it out of a scary situation in Northwest D.C. Tuesday after a tree fell on their car while they were in it.
D.C. Fire and EMS says the adult and kids were in the vehicle in the 2800 block of Woodley Road, Northwest when a huge tree branch slammed onto their car.
The group evacuated from the car and they were all evaluated by emergency responders. Luckily, all were uninjured.
The District Department of Transportation’s Urban Forestry team was also called to the scene to evaluate the situation and begin the cleanup process.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/terrible-traffic-tuesday-expected-bring-heavy-congestion-dc-area-roadways
Description: Drivers in the D.C. region should brace for significant traffic delays on ‘Terrible Traffic Tuesday,’ the day after Labor Day when schools reopen and vacations end, leading to increased road congestion.
Publication Time (Text): September 3, 2024 1:33pm EDT

Full Article:
WASHINGTON - Drivers in the D.C. region should brace for significant traffic delays on ‘Terrible Traffic Tuesday,’ the day after Labor Day when schools reopen and vacations end, leading to increased road congestion.
Drivers in the D.C. region should brace for significant traffic delays on ‘Terrible Traffic Tuesday,’ the day after Labor Day when schools reopen and vacations end, leading to increased road congestion.
Historically, AAA Mid-Atlantic has reported up to a 15 percent increase in traffic delays on this day. The nation’s capital area is also expected to see more remote workers return to the office this year - adding to the usual traffic woes.
Traditional key gridlock areas include I-270 in Maryland from the Beltway to I-70, I-66 from the Potomac River to US-17, I-395 from the Springfield Interchange to the Third Street Tunnel, I-295 from the Beltway to the Third Street Tunnel, and both loops of the Beltway.
AAA’s National Average for the price of gas is $3.32.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/truck-overturns-spills-debris-i-95-near-fredericksburg
Description: An overturned truck spilled debris onto the roadway Tuesday along a section of Interstate 95 near Fredericksburg.
Publication Time (Text): September 3, 2024 1:33pm EDT

Full Article:
FREDERICKSBURG, Va. - An overturned truck spilled debris onto the roadway Tuesday along a section of Interstate 95 near Fredericksburg.
An overturned truck spilled debris onto the roadway Tuesday along a section of Interstate 95 near Fredericksburg.
The crash was reported around 10 a.m. along the southbound lanes of I-95 near US-17.
Images show dump truck clearing debris from the lanes. All traffic has been diverted around the crash scene.
No injuries have been reported. It is unclear what caused the truck to overturn.
Truck overturns, spills debris on I-95 near Fredericksburg
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/best-times-travel-across-bay-bridge-labor-day-weekend-2024
Description: With over 350,000 vehicles expected to cross the Bay Bridge between Friday, August 30, and Labor Day Monday, September 2, travelers should anticipate significant delays, according to the Maryland Transportation Authority.
Publication Time (Text): August 30, 2024 10:52am EDT

Full Article:
ANNAPOLIS, Md. - With over 350,000 vehicles expected to cross the Bay Bridge between Friday, August 30, and Labor Day Monday, September 2, travelers should anticipate significant delays, according to the Maryland Transportation Authority.
Heavy traffic is expected in both directions, particularly during peak hours, along the bridge and the US 50 corridor.
To avoid the worst congestion, MDTA officials recommend traveling during the following off-peak times.
This Labor Day weekend is set to be one of the busiest travel periods on record in the Washington, D.C. region despite recent storms causing delays and cancellations.
Thursday, August 29: Before 12 p.m. and after 8 p.m.
Friday, August 30: Before 10 a.m. and after 9 p.m.
Saturday, August 31: Before 9 a.m. and after 6 p.m.
Sunday, September 1: Before 11 a.m. and after 6 p.m.
Labor Day Monday, September 2: Before 10 a.m. and after 10 p.m.
Officials advise drivers to avoid distractions, maintain a safe following distance, and adhere to posted speed limits. They also say staying on US 50 on both sides of the bridge is crucial to keep local roadways open for emergency responders and residents.
For Bay Bridge traffic information, call 1-877-BAYSPAN (1-877-229-7726). Find online traffic cameras at Baybridge.com.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/labor-day-weekend-airline-travel-expected-break-records-despite-dc-area-storms
Description: This Labor Day weekend is set to be one of the busiest travel periods on record in the Washington, D.C. region despite recent storms causing delays and cancellations.
Publication Time (Text): August 30, 2024 10:52am EDT

Full Article:
DULLES, Va. - This Labor Day weekend is set to be one of the busiest travel periods on record in the Washington, D.C. region despite recent storms causing delays and cancellations.
This Labor Day weekend is set to be one of the busiest travel periods on record in the Washington, D.C. region despite recent storms causing delays and cancellations.
The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) anticipates screening over 17 million airline passengers across the country during the holiday travel period from Thursday, August 29 through Wednesday, September 4. The peak travel day is projected to be August 30, when TSA expects to screen 2.86 million people.
FOX 5’s Melanie Alnwick spent Friday at Dulles International Airport, where travelers are trying to make up for lost time after hundreds of delays and cancelations there and at Reagan National Airport due to severe weather on Thursday.
American Airlines expects this to be its largest Labor Day weekend ever, with passenger volumes up 14% from last year. United Airlines also reports a record-breaking weekend, with more than 2.9 million passengers booked systemwide between August 29 and September 3.
The TSA urges passengers to help streamline the process by avoiding prohibited items in carry-ons, ensuring they have the appropriate IDs, and arriving early.
Labor Day weekend airline travel expected to break records despite DC area storms
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/i-95-crash-causes-delays-jessup
Description: Authorities say one person is dead and another was injured after a multi-vehicle crash on Interstate 95 near Jessup early Thursday morning.
Publication Time (Text): August 29, 2024 9:47am EDT

Full Article:
JESSUP, Md. - Authorities say one person is dead and another was injured after a multi-vehicle crash on Interstate 95 near Jessup early Thursday morning.
A crash investigation along Interstate 95 in Jessup caused headaches for commuters Thursday morning.
Troopers from the Maryland State Police Waterloo Barrack responded to the southbound lanes of I-95 at Maryland 175 for a report of a crash shortly after 4:30 a.m.
Investigators believe the driver of a Nissan struck a Mercedes causing a chain reaction crash involving five vehicles
One person, whose identification is pending next of kin notification, was pronounced deceased on the scene. One person was transported by ambulance to Howard County General Hospital for treatment of their injuries. No other injuries were reported at the scene.
There are still active road closures in place. Motorists can expect delays. Updated traffic conditions can be found here: https://chart.maryland.gov/Incidents/GetIncidents
The cause of the crash is under investigation.
I-95 crash causes delays in Jessup
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/man-moped-hospitalized-after-hit-and-run-crash-tractor-trailer-police
Description: Maryland State Police say they are looking for a tractor-trailer driver who struck a man on a moped in an early morning hit-and-run crash in Prince Georges County.
Publication Time (Text): August 27, 2024 10:42am EDT

Full Article:
Maryland State Police say they are looking for a tractor-trailer driver who struck a man on a moped in an early morning hit-and-run crash in Prince George's County.
LAUREL, Md. - Maryland State Police say they are looking for a tractor-trailer driver who struck a man on a moped in an early morning hit-and-run crash in Prince George's County.
Authorities say the incident occurred around 2 a.m. Tuesday on eastbound MD-198 at Interstate 95 when the moped was struck by the tractor-trailer. The driver of the truck fled the scene, police say.
Maryland State Police say they are looking for a tractor-trailer driver who struck a man on a moped in an early morning hit-and-run crash in Prince Georges County.
The moped rider was transported to the hospital. His condition remains unknown. All lanes of MD-198 are closed, including the off-ramps from I-95 to eastbound MD-198.
Police are actively searching for the tractor trailer involved. Anyone with information is urged to contact the Maryland State Police.
Man on moped hospitalized after hit-and-run crash with tractor-trailer: police
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/virginia-state-police-investigate-two-vehicle-crash-i-66
Description: Virginia State Police are investigating a two-vehicle collision that occurred Friday morning on westbound Interstate 66 in the Express Lanes at the interchange with Interstate 495.
Publication Time (Text): August 23, 2024 11:00am EDT

Full Article:
Virginia State Police are investigating a two-vehicle collision that occurred Friday morning on westbound Interstate 66 in the Express Lanes at the interchange with Interstate 495.
FAIRFAX, Va. - Virginia State Police are investigating a two-vehicle collision that occurred Friday morning on westbound Interstate 66 in the Express Lanes at the interchange with Interstate 495.
The incident was reported to authorities around 7:51 a.m. At least one person has been injured in the crash.
The investigation is ongoing.
Virginia State Police investigate two-vehicle crash on I-66
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/suv-crashes-through-whole-foods-parking-garage-wall-hangs-partially-over-edge
Description: Authorities say an SUV has crashed through the wall of a second-floor parking garage at a Whole Foods supermarket in northwest D.C.
Publication Time (Text): August 22, 2024 9:47am EDT

Full Article:
WASHINGTON - Authorities say an SUV has crashed through the wall of a second-floor parking garage at a Whole Foods supermarket in northwest D.C.
Crews responded to the scene in the 4500 block of 40th Street around 9 a.m. on Thursday.
Authorities say no injuries were reported after an SUV crashed through the wall of a second-floor parking garage at a Whole Foods supermarket in northwest D.C. on Thursday.
SUV crashes through Whole Foods second-floor parking garage wall, hangs partially over edge (DC Fire and EMS Department (DCFD) / @dcfireems)
Images show the hood and front wheels of the vehicle protruding from the wall of the garage. Officials say there was significant cosmetic damage to the building but no structural stability issues have been identified.
No injuries were reported.
Utility crews are on the scene and a safety zone has been established in the area. The cause of the crash remains under investigation.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: 
Link: https://www.fox5dc.com/news/ocean-city-tram-accident-boardwalk-tram-service-halted-after-2-year-old-killed-collision
Description: Ocean City officials have suspended boardwalk tram services indefinitely following a tragic accident that claimed the life of a 2-year-old child.
Publication Time (Text): August 21, 2024 1:17pm EDT

Full Article:
Ocean City has suspended all boardwalk tram service after a deadly collision left a 2-year-old dead.
OCEAN CITY, Md. - Ocean City officials have suspended boardwalk tram services indefinitely following a tragic accident that claimed the life of a 2-year-old child.
Mayor Rick Meehan extended heartfelt condolences to the grieving family. "Our hearts are heavy with sorrow for the family’s unimaginable loss," he said Wednesday in a statement. "Ocean City is a close-knit community, and we share in their grief. We are committed to supporting the family and taking all necessary measures to prevent such tragedies in the future."
READ MORE: Toddler dies after being struck by tram on Ocean City Boardwalk
A 2-year-old boy was struck and killed by an Ocean City tram on the Boardwalk near Dorchester Street on Tuesday evening, according to the Ocean City Police Department.
The incident occurred on August 20 around 8:14 p.m. near Dorchester Street.
Police say the child was crossing the tram pad when he was struck by a southbound tram. Emergency medical services pronounced the boy dead at the scene. Both tram conductors remained on-site following the accident.
The town is working closely with law enforcement and other authorities in the ongoing investigation.
Officials urge the community to keep the family in their thoughts and prayers during this difficult time.
It wasn’t immediately clear what caused the crash. Authorities have yet to identify the child.
Ocean City tram accident: Boardwalk tram service halted after 2-year-old killed in collision (Courtesy: Rudy Widmann)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

